Page 1:
celonis

THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT GOVERNS YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES. CAPITALIZED TERMS HAVE THE DEFINITIONS
SET FORTH HEREIN. BY (1) CHECKING A BOX INDICATING YOUR ACCEPTANCE, (2) EXECUTING AN ORDER FORM THAT REFERENCES THIS
AGREEMENT, OR (3) USING THE SERVICES IN WHOLE OR IN PART, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU
DISAGREE, YOU DO NOT HAVE THE RIGHT TO USE THE SERVICES. IF THE INDIVIDUAL ACCEPTING THIS AGREEMENT IS ACCEPTING ON BEHALF
OF A COMPANY OR OTHER LEGAL ENTITY, SUCH INDIVIDUAL REPRESENTS THAT THEY HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO BIND SUCH ENTITY TO THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, IN WHICH CASE THE TERM "YOU" SHALL REFER TO SUCH ENTITY. THIS AGREEMENT IS EFFECTIVE AS OF THE EARLIER
OF (A) YOUR INITIAL ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR (B) THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE FIRST ORDER FORM REFERENCING THIS AGREEMENT
(“EFFECTIVE DATE”).

Master Services Agreement

1. Definitions
All definitions used in the Agreement are specified in Annex A.

2. Agreement and Scope

2.1 These Terms, together with any accepted Order between You and Us, comprise the Agreement between You and Us. The
Agreement governs Your access to and use of the Services specified in the applicable Order, which may include Cloud Service,
Online Training Cloud, Support Services and/or Professional Services.

2.2 The additional terms set out in Annex B apply to Our provision of Professional Services and Annex C is the Data Processing
Agreement.

3. Delivery

3.1 Following the execution of an Order for the Cloud Service, We shall provide You via e-mail with all information required for You
to access and use the Cloud Service.

3.2 Where You order Cloud Service of the type “Digital Consulting Blocks” or a similar product without a separate Order, Your order
placed online will be “the Order,” and no automatic Order renewals in accordance with Section 9.1 shall apply.

4. Support Services and Service Levels

4. We shall provide the Cloud Services in accordance with the Service Level Agreement.

4.2 We provide Support Services as part of the Cloud Service and these Support Services are described in the Support Services
Description, which forms part of the Agreement. Where Online Training Cloud is specified within the Order, the Support Services
provided for the Online Training Cloud are described in its respective Documentation.

5. Your Access Rights and Obligations

You are granted a non-transferable right to use and access the Cloud Service and any non-Celonis Application identified in
the Order, during the Subscription Term, for Your own and Your Affiliates’ internal purposes (which specifically excludes any
analysis of data from third-party source systems), unless otherwise stated in the applicable Documentation for such Cloud
Service. Use of the On-premise Component (where applicable) is limited to use with its associated Cloud Service, and may not
be modified or altered in any way except by Us; provided, however, that to the extent any third party content is included in the
On-premise Component and is accompanied by its own license terms, those terms shall control with respect to such content.
Full functionality and interoperability of the On-premise Component may not be attainable without use of the most current
version made available by Us. You are responsible for all acts and omissions in breach of the Agreement by Users and Affiliates.
As between You and Us, We are and remain exclusive owners of all rights (including without limitation the Proprietary Rights)
in and to the Services.

g

5.2 Your use of the Services shall be limited in accordance with the metrics in the applicable Order. Definitions of the metrics are
contained in the Metrics Definition, which is incorporated by reference. In addition, You shall comply with the terms of service
of any Non-Celonis Application, as included within the applicable Order.

5.3 With respect to the Cloud Service and/or any Non-Celonis Application, You (i) are solely responsible for making available
interfaces to Your Customer Data and for uploading such Customer Data thereto; (ii) are solely responsible for procuring and
maintaining Your network connections and telecommunications links and all problems, conditions, delays and delivery failures

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 2:
arising from or relating to such network connections or telecommunications links; and (iii) will maintain adequate security
standards for Your Users’ access and use thereof, and will use all reasonable efforts to prevent any unauthorized access or
use thereof, and, in the event of any such unauthorized access or use, promptly notify Us.

5.4You will not during the course of the use of the Cloud Service or any Non-Celonis Application, upload, input, access, store,
distribute or transmit any Malware, nor any material, including without limitation Customer Data, that is Inappropriate Content.
We reserve the right, without liability to You and without prejudice to Our other rights, to (i) disable Your access to any material
that breaches the provisions of this Section; (ii) remove and delete any content where, in Our sole and reasonable discretion,
We suspect such content to be Inappropriate Content; and/or (iii) terminate the Agreement for material breach in accordance
with Section 9. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Us and Our Affiliates harmless from and against any and all claims,
losses, damages, expenses and costs, including without limitation reasonable court costs and legal fees, arising out of or in
connection with Your breach of this Section.

5.5 You will not (i) copy, translate, or otherwise modify or produce derivative works of all or parts of the Cloud Service or any Non-
Celonis Application, it being understood that You will be entitled to copy the Documentation and materials accompanying the
Cloud Service and make use of the Celonis Schema (as defined and described below) as is reasonably required for Your

internal purposes; (ii) access or use the Cloud Service in breach of applicable laws or for any illegal activities, including without
limitation to transfer data and information which is illegal or in breach of third-party Proprietary Rights; (iii) disassemble, reverse
engineer, decompile, place at risk or circumvent the functionalities, performance, and/or the security of the Cloud Service; (iv)
access all or any part of the Cloud Service in order to build a competitive and/or similar product or service; or (v) determine
whether the Services are within the scope of any patent.

5.6 We will have the right to temporarily restrict Your access to the Cloud Service, if We in Our reasonable judgment deem it likely
that Your use of the Cloud Service will have negative effects on the Cloud Service, and that immediate action is required in
order to limit or prevent damage. We shall promptly inform You of any such restriction and, where reasonable to do so, We
shall provide such information in advance.

5.7 We may, at our discretion, make available to You Cloud Service-related scripts, schema and/or code that can be used to
create process analysis implementations for the Cloud Service platform (collectively, the “Celonis Schema’). Where Celonis
Schema are made available to You, You are granted for the relevant Subscription Term a limited, non-exclusive, revocable
license to use and modify the Celonis Schema for purposes of implementing Your permitted use of the Cloud Service. As
between You and Celonis, You will be owner of all right, title and interest in and to any modifications You make to the Celonis
Schema, subject, always, to Our underlying ownership interest in and to all of the Services from which Your modifications derive.

5.8We are entitled to integrate technical features into the Cloud Service which allow Us to verify Your compliance with the
limitations in this Agreement and/or Your Order. For clarity, no Customer Data shall be visible to Us in this context. Further, We
may audit Your use of the Cloud Service in order to establish whether the use of the Cloud Service is in accordance with this
Agreement, at Our own cost, by providing You seven (7) days’ prior written notice. We may ask a qualified third party, who will
be obliged to maintain confidentiality, to perform the audit. Where We notify You of a non-compliance with the Agreement
and/or Your Order limitations, including any overuse, We may work with You to seek to reduce Your overuse so that it conforms
to Your Order. If You are unable or unwilling to abide by the Order limitations, You will pay any invoice for excess usage or
execute an Order for additional Services. Our acceptance of any payment shall be without prejudice to any other rights or
remedies We may have under the Agreement or applicable law.

6. Fees and Payment
6.1 Where your Order is directly with Celonis,

i. (a) We will invoice the Subscription Fees annually in advance; and (b) unless otherwise agreed upon in the Order, all
payments are due in full without deduction or set-off within 30 (thirty) days of the date of Our invoice. You shall have the
right to set-off claims against Our claims only where Your claims are undisputed by Us or have been finally decided upon.

ii, The Subscription Fees are non-refundable and do not include Taxes and You are responsible for all Taxes. If We are
required to pay Taxes based on the Services provided under these Terms, then such Taxes shall be billed to and paid by
You. If a deduction or withholding is required by law, You shall pay such additional amount and will ensure that the net
amount received by Us equals the full amount which We would have received had the deduction or withholding not been
required. This Section shall not apply to Taxes based on Our income.

iii. Once the due date for the respective Subscriptions Fees has passed, We can claim default interest at the statutory rate.
Without prejudice to any other rights We may have, if We have not received payment for any overdue invoice, We shall
be entitled to (a) by giving You thirty (30) days’ prior written notice and without liability to You, disable Your password,

2
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 3:
account and access to all or part of the Cloud Service and We shall be under no obligation to provide any or all of the
Cloud Service while any such invoice remains unpaid; and/or (b) suspend Professional Services until all payments due
have been made in full.

v. We shall be entitled to adjust the Subscription Fees with effect from Your next Renewal Term. Where We increase the
Subscription Fees, such increase shall not exceed 7%. Unless otherwise agreed between You and Us, if You are renewing
directly with Celonis a Subscription originally purchased through an Authorized Reseller, then the Subscription Fees for
Your initial Renewal Term with Us will be at Our then-prevailing Subscription Fees for the subject Cloud Service.

6.2 If Your Subscription is purchased through an Authorized Reseller, We may, upon written notice, suspend Your right to use the
Subscription in the event We fail to receive payment for such Subscription or We confirm that You have not paid the Authorized
Reseller for such Subscription.

7. Customer Data; Data Protection

7.1 You own alll right, title and interest in and to Customer Data and shall have sole responsibility and liability for (i) the legality,
appropriateness, and integrity of Customer Data; (ii) the completeness, reliability, accuracy and quality of Customer Data; (iii)
obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses and consents required to use Customer Data, if any; and (iv) Your entering
of Customer Data into the Cloud Service. You acknowledge that (i) We will not be held responsible in any way for any Proprietary
Right or other rights’ infringement or violation or the violation of any applicable laws, arising or relating to such Customer Data
and/or communications; and (ii) that any Personal Data contained in Customer Data has been collected and is maintained
in compliance with applicable Data Protection Laws.

7.2 You grant to Us and Our Affiliates a right; (i) to use, host, transmit, monitor, manage, replicate, access, store, and cache
Customer Data in connection with performing our rights and obligations under the Agreement; and (ii) where necessary, to
transfer Customer Data, to any third parties used by Us but only as required for the provision of the Services.

7.3 During the Subscription Term, You will be entitled to access and export (where available) Customer Data at any time. Export
may be subject to technical limitations; in which case We will find a reasonable method for You to access Customer Data.
Within 30 days of termination of an Order, We will delete or destroy Customer Data remaining on the Cloud Service unless
applicable law requires retention for a specified period. Any such retained data is subject to the confidentiality provisions of
these Terms.

7.4 We will maintain appropriate administrative, physical, and technical safeguards for protection of the security, confidentiality
and integrity of Customer Data, as further described at https://www.celonis.com/trust-center/. Those safeguards will include,
but will not be limited to, measures designed to protect against the unauthorized access to or disclosure of Customer Data.

7.5 Each party shall, in connection with the exercise of its rights and the performance of its obligations under the Agreement,
comply with all applicable Data Protection Laws. We acknowledge that You are acting as a data controller in respect of any
Customer Data which contains Personal Data. To the extent that We process any such Personal Data in the provision of the
Services, the Data Processing Agreement in Annex C shall apply.

7.6 For the purposes of this Section the terms "data controller’, "process’ and "processing" shall have the meaning given under
applicable Data Protection Laws.

8. Use of Data for Cloud Service Development
We and Our Affiliates may collect data derived from Your use of the Cloud Services for development, benchmarking, and
marketing, and for creating analyses. All such data is collected in an aggregated and anonymized form that does not contain
Customer Data or permit direct association with You, any specific User or other individual or third party.

9. Term and Termination of Subscription for Cause

9.1 Your Subscription commences on the effective date of the Order unless otherwise specified therein. Your Subscription
continues for the Initial Subscription Term stated in the Order. Thereafter, each Subscription will automatically renew for
successive periods of 12 months (each a “Renewal Term”) unless a party gives at least 30 days’ prior written notice to the other

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 4:
party of its intention not to renew the Subscription. Unless otherwise agreed in the applicable Order, and subject to Your rights
to terminate under this Section, Your Subscription may only be terminated in accordance with Section 9.2.
9.2 Without prejudice to any other rights or remedies to which We or You may be entitled, either party may terminate an Order
without liability to the other at any time with immediate effect upon written notice if the other party:
a. is in material breach of any of its obligations under the Agreement or an Order and, in the case of a breach which is
capable of remedy, fails to remedy such breach within thirty (30) days of notice of the breach; or
b. voluntarily files a petition under bankruptcy or insolvency law; has a receiver or administrative receiver appointed over it
or any of its assets; passes a resolution for winding-up or a court of competent jurisdiction makes an order to that effect;
becomes subject to an administration order; enters into any voluntary arrangement with its creditors; ceases or threatens
to cease to carry on business; or is subject to any analogous event or proceeding in any applicable jurisdiction.

9.3 Upon termination or expiration of an Order, You shall immediately cease any and all use of and access to the applicable
Service and any Non-Celonis Application, and destroy (or at Our request return) any of Our Confidential Information related
thereto. Except where an exclusive remedy is specified in the Agreement, the exercise by either party of any remedy under the
Agreement, including termination, will be without prejudice to any other remedies it may have under this Agreement, by law,
or otherwise.

9.4 Termination of any Order shall have no effect on any other Order.

10. Limited Warranties
10.1 We warrant that the Cloud Service shall substantially perform as specified in the Documentation during the Subscription Term,
when used in accordance with the terms of the Agreement. Support Services will be rendered with due care, skill and ability,
and in accordance with recognized standards of industry practice. We particularly do not warrant against problems caused
by misuse, improper testing, unauthorized attempts to repair, modifications or customizations to the Cloud Service by You or
any other cause beyond the range of the intended use of the Software, unless You can prove that such use was not the cause
of such problem; that the Cloud Service will achieve Your intended results, nor that the Cloud Service has been developed to
meet Your individual requirements. We also do not warrant against data breaches and data losses which could not have
been avoided by adequate, state-of-the art security in accordance with Our then-current security infrastructure, as may be
further described in the accompanying materials.

10.2 During the Subscription Term, if the Cloud Service does not conform with the warranty provided in Section 10.1, We will at
Our expense correct any such non-conformance in accordance with Section 10.2.
10.3 We shall correct all defects notified to Us in writing in sufficient detail free of charge. We are entitled remedy such defect

at Our cost also by providing You with an alternative means of accomplishing the desired performance including but not
limited by providing you with a new version of the Cloud Service (in particular by providing you with a patch).

10.4 If We cannot reasonably repair or replace the affected Cloud Service, We may terminate the Order for the affected Cloud
Service and pay back to You any prepaid Subscription Fees (or, in the case Your Subscription is purchased through an
Authorized Reseller, arrange through such Authorized Reseller, the return of). You are, at Our option, required to either delete or
return to Us all accompanying materials and copies thereof. Damage claims and claims for vain expenditure (vergebliche
Aufwendungen) in view of Our breach of warranty shall be subject to the limitation of liability in Section 12.

05 Warranty claims asserted under one Order shall have no effect on any other Orders or other contracts that are in place
between You and Us.

0.6 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, the warranties and remedies provided in this Section 10 are exclusive
and in lieu of all other warranties.

07 You agree that Your purchase of the Cloud Service is not contingent on the delivery of any future functionality or features,
or dependent on any oral or written public comments, statements or representations We made regarding future functionality
or features.

1. Intellectual Property Indemnity
1.1 We warrant during the Subscription Term in accordance with the following provisions that the rights granted to You in
accordance with Section 5 are not affected by third party rights.

1.2 If a third party asserts a claim against You alleging that Your use of the Service in accordance with the terms of the Agreement
infringes the Proprietary Rights of a third party (“Infringement Claim”), We shall be liable to You subject to the exclusions in
Sections 11.3 and 11.1 as follows:

a. modify the infringing Service so that it ceases to be infringing without loss of substantial functionality or replace the

infringing portion of the Service with non-infringing software or services; or

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 5:
b. procure a license to enable You to legally continue using the Service and hold You harmless from such license fees.

If We do not provide You with one of the options above, We may, at Our sole discretion, terminate Your Order for the affected
Services with immediate effect and reimburse You any prepaid Fees covering the remainder of the Subscription Term and
terminate Your access and use of the affected Services. You shall be obliged at Our choice to destroy or return to Us all
accompanying materials and copies thereof. Damage claims and claims for vain expenditure (vergebliche Aufwendungen)
shall be subject to the limitation of liability in Section 12.

11.3 We shall only be liable for any Infringement Claim provided You:
a. provide Us with prompt written notice of the Infringement Claim;
b. do not enter into any settlement of the Infringement Claim without Our prior written consent; and do not undertake any
other action in response to any Infringement Claim that is prejudicial to Our rights;
c. permit Us to exclusively control the defence, negotiations and any settlement of the Infringement Claim;
provide Us with reasonable information and assistance for the Infringement Claim; and
11.1. We shall not be liable to You for Infringement Claims if and to the extent the infringement is caused by Your own
default (Verschulden). This particularly applies if and to the extent the Infringement Claim is caused by Your use of
the Cloud Services outside the scope of the Agreement or the applicable Order.

114 This Section constitutes Your exclusive remedy and Our entire liability with respect to Infringement Claims.

12. Limitation of Liability
121 Our aggregate liability to you for or in respect of any damages and vain expenditures (vergebliche Aufwendungen) under
or in connection with the Agreement regardless of its legal basis shall be limited as follows

a. We shall be liable without limitation in the event of wilful misconduct, gross negligence (grobe Fahrldssigkeit) and the
negligently or wilfully caused damages relating to death or personal injury or in the case of liability pursuant to the
Product Liability Act (Produkthaftungsgesetz);

b. Unless stated otherwise in Section 121 lit a, in cases of simple negligence (einfache Fahrldssigkeit), We shall only be liable
for the breach of so-called cardinal obligations (ie. obligations which are essential to the performance of the Agreement
and which You may reasonably rely upon). In such cases, Our liability to You for or in respect of any loss or damage
suffered by You under or in connection with an Order shall be limited (i) per damaging event to an amount of Euro 100,000
and (ii) in the aggregate for all damages incurred over a period of twelve (12) months, to the total amount of Subscription
Fees You paid to Us in these twelve (12) months, however not to fall short of Euro 200,000.

12.2 The strict liability of the lessor for breaches of warranty upon commencement of the lease (verschuldenunsabhdngige
Haftung fur anfangliche Mietmdngel) in accordance with Section 536a (1) Alt. 1 of the German Civil Code shall be excluded.

12.3. We shall not be precluded from claiming contributory negligence.

12.4 All contractual and non-contractual claims for damages or vain expenditures against Us shall be time-barred after a period
of one (1) year. The period of limitation shall commence in accordance with Section 199 (1) German Civil Code. The period of
limitation shall, at the latest, be deemed completed five (5) years after the claim arose. Sentences 1 to 3 of this Section 12.4
shall not apply in the case of wilful misconduct, gross negligence or in view of personal damages under the Product Liability
Act.

12.5 We are not liable for cases, where We are wholly or partially hindered to fulfil Our obligations due to Force Majeure Events.

12.6 In the event of any loss or damage to Customer Data, your sole and exclusive remedy shall be for Us to restore the lost or
damaged Customer Data from the latest back-up of such Customer Data maintained by us in accordance with the
applicable archiving procedures.

12.7 In addition to the other exclusions set out in this Section 12, We shall be liable for damages and vain expenditures caused by
Malware for which You are not responsible (cf. Section 5.4) only within the limits of this Agreement and if the following
cumulative requirements are met: (i) We have acted in default, and (iii) the Malware could have been detected by Us using
reasonable current commercial methods of detection.

13. Confidentiality

13.1 Each party retains all rights in its Confidential Information. Both parties undertake to treat as confidential all of the other party's
Confidential Information acquired before and in connection with performance of the Agreement and to use such Confidential
Information only to perform the Agreement. Confidential Information shall not be reproduced in any form except as required
to accomplish the intent of the Agreement. Any reproduction of Confidential Information of the other party shall contain any

5
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 6:
and all confidential or proprietary notices or legends which appear on the original. With respect to the Confidential Information
of the other party, each party: (a) shall take all those steps the receiving party takes to protect its own similar proprietary and
Confidential Information, which shall not be less than a reasonable standard of care to keep all Confidential Information strictly
confidential; and (b) shall not disclose any Confidential Information of the other to any person other than those Representatives
whose access is necessary to enable it to perform the Agreement and who are obliged to maintain confidentiality to a similar
extent as provided herein. Each party will be responsible for its Representatives’ compliance with the provisions of this Section.
The parties each shall have the right to provide the Authorized Reseller with this Agreement.

13.2 A party which becomes aware of a suspected or actual breach of confidentiality, misuse or unauthorized dissemination
relating to the other party’s Confidential Information shall inform the other party in writing without undue delay.
13.3 Section 131 shall not apply to any Confidential Information that: (a) is independently developed by the receiving party

without reference to the disclosing party's Confidential Information, (b) is lawfully received free of restriction from a third party
having the right to furnish such Confidential Information; (c) has become generally available to the public without a
contractual breach by the receiving party; (d) at the time of disclosure, was known to the receiving party free of restriction; (e)
the disclosing party has agreed in writing to be free of such restrictions; or (f) has to be disclosed pursuant to statutory law or
court, administrative or governmental order. In such event, the receiving party shall inform the disclosing party of the
applicable provision or order without undue delay, to the extent legally possible, in order to enable the disclosing party to seek
legal protection or otherwise prevent or limit disclosure of the Confidential Information.

13.4 Upon request, the receiving party shall destroy or return to the disclosing party all materials containing any of the
Confidential Information and any copies or derivatives prepared therefrom. However, this obligation to return or destroy
Confidential Information shall not apply to copies of electronically-exchanged Confidential Information made as a matter of
routine information technology backup and to Confidential Information or copies thereof which must be stored by the receiving
party according to provisions of mandatory law, provided that such Confidential Information or copies thereof shall remain
subject to the confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.

13.5 The obligations in this Section shall, with respect to each disclosure of Confidential Information, apply for a period of 5
(five) years from its first disclosure, provided, however, that trade secrets shall be protected until they are no longer trade
secrets under applicable law.

14. Feedback

141 You may, at Your sole discretion, provide Your input regarding the Services, products, services, business or technology plans,
including, without limitation, comments or suggestions regarding the possible creation, modification, correction, improvement
or enhancement of the Services, products and/or services, or input as to whether You believe Our development direction is
consistent with Your own business and IT needs (collectively “Feedback"). We shall be entitled to use Feedback for any purpose
without notice, restriction or remuneration of any kind to You and/or Your Representatives.

14.2 You acknowledge that any information that We may disclose to You related to the Services, Our other products, services,
business or technology plans is only intended as a discussion of possible strategies, developments, and functionalities of Our

products or services and is not intended to be binding on Us regarding any particular course of business, product strategy,
and/or development.

15. Non-Celonis Products and Services
We or third parties may make available (for example, through a Marketplace or otherwise) third-party products or services,
including, for example, Non-Celonis Applications and implementation and other consulting services. Any acquisition by You
of such products or services, and any exchange of data between You and any non-Celonis provider, product or service is
solely between You and the applicable non-Celonis provider and We are not party of such an agreement. We do not warrant
or support non-Celonis Applications or other non-Celonis products or services, whether or not they are designated by Celonis
as “certified” or otherwise, unless expressly provided otherwise in an Order.

16. General Provisions

16.1 Sub-contracting. Notwithstanding any further requirements provided in Annex C, We may subcontract all or part of the
Services to a qualified third party. We may also at any time involve any of Our Affiliates and successors in business as sub-
contractors under this Agreement. In such event, We will be liable for any sub-contractors used in the performance of Our
obligations under the Agreement.

16.2 Assignment. Except as permitted herein, neither party may assign the Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior
written consent of the other, not to be unreasonably withheld. Any attempt by either party to assign or transfer the Agreement
without the prior written consent of the other will be null and void. Notwithstanding the foregoing, We may at any time upon

6
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 7:
notice to You assign or otherwise transfer Our rights and obligations under the Agreement to any of Our Affiliates or successors
in business. Section 354a German Commercial Code (Handelsgesetzbuch) shall remain unaffected.

16.3 Governing Law. The Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Germany, without giving effect to its rules regarding
conflicts of laws, other than such principals directing application of German law. The parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts in Munich, Germany. The United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods (CISG) shall not apply.

16.4 Amendments. Any amendments or additions to the Agreement must be made in writing and executed by duly authorized
representatives of both parties.

16.5 Entire Agreement. These Terms, together with any Order between You and Us, constitute the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties, whether written
or oral, relating to the same subject matter. In the event of any inconsistencies between these Terms and an Order between
You and Us, the Order shall take precedence over these Terms. Any purchase order, purchasing terms, general terms of
business or other document issued by You for administrative convenience only and will not be binding on Us.

16.6 Severability. Should parts of the Agreement be or become invalid, this shall not affect the validity of the remaining
provisions of the Agreement, which shall remain unaffected. The invalid provision shall be replaced by the parties with such
term which comes as close as possible, in a legally permitted manner, to the commercial terms intended by the invalid
provision.

16.7 Export Control and Compliance with Laws. The Services are subject to the export control laws of various countries,
including without limit the laws of the United States and Germany (“Export Laws”). You agree that You will not submit the
Services to any government agency for licensing consideration or other regulatory approval without Our prior written consent.
You, will not, and will not allow any third party to, export, re-export or transfer any part of the Services to countries, persons or
entities prohibited by Export Laws. You are also responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations in the
jurisdictions where You operate.

16.8 Notices. Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to
have been given upon: (i) personal delivery, (ii) two business days after sending by e-mail. E-mails to Us shall be directed
CFO/Legal at (cfo@celonis.com), and e-mails to You shall be addressed to the administrative contact designated in Your
Order. Notices relating to an Infringement Claim under Section 11 must be sent by registered mail and e-mail.

16.9 Surviving Provisions. The terms which by their nature are intended to survive termination or expiration of the Agreement
shall survive any such termination and expiration including without limitation the following Sections: 7 to 15.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 8:
Annex A
Definitions

“Affiliate”: any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with You or Us, as the case
may be, but only for so long as the control exists. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership
or control of more than 50% of the voting interests.

“Agreement”: these Terms and any Order between You and Us.

“Authorized Reseller”: a reseller, distributor or other partner authorized by Celonis to sell Celonis products or services.
“Celonis Materials": any software, programs, tools, systems, data, Celonis Confidential Information or other materials made
available by Us to You in the course of the performance under this Agreement, but at all times excluding the Cloud Service.
“Celonis Schema *: shall have the meaning as set out in Section 5.6.

"Cloud Service’: the Celonis software-as-a-service platform, the On-premise Component (if applicable), and the online
supporting documents, as further described in the Documentation, but excluding Non-Celonis Applications and any links to
third-party products or services contained in the Cloud Service.

“Cloud Service Uptime ”: has the meaning given in the Service Level Agreement.
“Confidential Information ": any information disclosed to a party by the other party concerning the business and/or affairs of
the other party, including but not limited to information relating to a party's operations, technical or commercial know-how,
specifications, inventions, processes or initiatives, plans, product information, pricing information, know-how, designs, trade

secrets, software, documents, data and information which, when provided by one party to the other: a) are clearly identified

as “Confidential” or “Proprietary” or are marked with a similar legend; b) are disclosed orally or visually, identified as
Confidential Information at the time of disclosure and confirmed as Confidential Information in writing within 10 (ten) days; or
c) areasonable person would understand to be confidential or proprietary at the time of disclosure, including Customer Data.
“Customer Data *: the (i) data and information provided by You to Us and/or input, uploaded and/or shared by You, Your Users
or Us on Your behalf, for the purpose of using the Cloud Service or facilitating Your use of the Services, or (ii) data You collect

and process through Your use of the Cloud Service.

“Customer Materials ": any materials, data, information, software, equipment or other resources owned by or licensed to You
and made available to Us pursuant to facilitating Your use of the Services, including Customer Data.

“Data Protection Laws”: all laws, rules, regulations, decrees, or other enactments, orders, mandates, or resolutions relating to
privacy, data security, and/or data protection, and any implementing, derivative or related legislation, rule, and regulation as
amended, extended, repealed and replaced, or re-enacted, as well as any applicable industry self-regulatory programs
related to the collection, use, disclosure, and security of Personal Data including the EU General Data Protection Legislation
(Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament (GDPR).

“Documentation” : the then-current product description of the applicable Services, as made available by Us on the Celonis
website (currently under https://www.celonis.com/terms-and-conditions/).

“Fees”: the fees payable by You for the Services as set out in an Order.

“Force Majeure Event" : acts, events, omissions or accidents beyond a party's reasonable control, including, without limitation,
strikes, industrial disputes, failure of a utility service or transport network, acts of God, war, riot, civil commotion, malicious
damage, compliance with any law or governmental order, rule, regulation or direction, accident, breakdown of machinery,
act of terror, Internet service provider failure or delay, denial of service attack, fire, flood or storm, but excluding (a) financial
distress or the inability of either party to make a profit or avoid a financial loss, (6) changes in market prices or conditions, or
(c) a party's financial inability to perform its obligations hereunder.

“Inappropriate Content” : content which (a) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, infringing, harassing or
racially or ethnically offensive; (b) facilitates or promotes illegal activity; (c) depicts sexually explicit images; (d) is
discriminatory based on race, gender, colour, religious belief, sexual orientation, disability, or any other illegal activity; or (e)
causes damage or injury to any person or property.

“Initial Subscription Term” : the initial term of Your Subscription as agreed in the Order or as otherwise agreed to by the parties.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 9:
20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.
29.

30.

31.

32.
33.
34.

35.

“Malware”: any thing or device (including any software, code, file or program) which may prevent, impair or otherwise
adversely affect the access to or operation, reliability or user experience of any computer software, hardware or network,
telecommunications service, equipment or network or any other service or device, including worms, trojan horses, viruses and
other similar things or devices.

“Marketplace ”: an online directory, catalog or marketplace hosted by Celonis or a third party that features applications that
interoperate with one or more Cloud Services.

“Metrics Definition” : the then-current document(s) made available by Us as “Celonis Definition license scope / subscription
scope” on the Celonis website (under https://www.celonis.com/terms-and-conditions/) describing the subscription metrics
for the Cloud Service.

“Non-Celonis Application” : a software application or functionality that interoperates within the Cloud Service(s), and that is
provided by You or a third party and/or listed on a Marketplace as being developed and offered by a third party. Non-Celonis
Applications provided to You by Us will be identifiable as such.

“Online Training Cloud’ : the access to the online training courses We provide as described on the Celonis website (currently
at https://www.celonis.com/training), in the Documentation or other information We may provide. If You are purchasing Online
Training Cloud in an Order, references in Agreement to “Cloud Service” shall be deemed to include reference to “Online
Training Cloud”.

“On-premise Component” : on-premise software that may be provided with, and that operates in conjunction with, the Cloud
Service. When made available, On- premise Component can be downloaded and installed (including updates) by Customer.
Customer is responsible for the installation and operation of the On-premise Component, including any updates made
available by Us. The SLA does not apply to On-premise Components.

“Order”: a written document executed by You and Us specifying the Services You have ordered, and the Fees owed thereunder,
and such other terms as are agreed, including any addenda and supplements thereto. An “Order” also refers to the executed
ordering document between You and an Authorized Reseller that incorporates or references these Terms as governing Your
receipt and use of the Celonis products and/or services referenced therein (though in such case, the Order may not alter or

supplement the Terms without Our express written approval).

“Personal Data”: any data and information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual person as defined under
applicable Data Protection Laws.

“Professional Services”: the consulting and/or professional services related to the Cloud Service which may include
installation and implementation services for the Cloud Service, provided by Us to You as described in the applicable Order.
“Proprietary Rights” : rights in patents, utility models, trademarks, service marks, trade names, other trade-identifying symbols
andinventions, copyrights, design rights, database rights, rights in know-how, trade secrets and any other intellectual property
rights, anywhere in the world, whether registered or unregistered, and including applications for the grant of any such rights.
“Renewal Term”: has the meaning set out in Section 9.1.

“Representatives”: of a party are its and its Affiliates’ employees, directors, advisers and subcontractors.

“Service Level Agreement” or “SLA” : the service levels for the Cloud Service as set out in the then current document(s) made
available by Us as “Service Level Agreement for Celonis Software-as-a-Service Offerings” on the Celonis website (under
https://www.celonis.com/terms-and-conditions/).

“Services”: any and all services provided by Us to You as described in the applicable Order including the provision of the Cloud
Service, Professional Services, Support Services, and the Online Training Cloud.

“Subscription” : the subscriptions You purchase under an Order for Your use of and access to the Cloud Service in accordance
with the Agreement.

“Subscription Fees ": the Fees payable for access to the Cloud Service as set out in an Order.

“Subscription Term”: the Initial Subscription Term and any subsequent Renewal Terms.

“Support Services”: the support services, as described in the Support Services Description, that We provide to You in respect
of the Cloud Service.

“Support Services Description”: the then-current documents describing in more detail the Support Services and made

available by Us on the Celonis website (under https://www.celonis.com/terms-and-conditions/).

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 10:
36.

37.

38.

39.
40.

“Taxes”: any applicable sales, use, value added, duties, assessments, excise, withholding or other taxes assessable by any
jurisdiction whatsoever based on the applicable Order.

“Terms”: this Celonis Master Services Agreement.

“User”: those employees, agents and independent contractors of Yours or Your Affiliates who are authorized by You to access
and use the Cloud Service in accordance with the Agreement, and to whom You have supplied a user identification and
password (if applicable).

“We,” “Us”, “Our” or “Celonis” : the Celonis entity entering into the applicable Order with You.

“You” or “Your”: the company or other legal entity that enters into the applicable Order with Celonis.

10

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 11:
Annex B

Professional Services Supplement

If You are purchasing Professional Services in an Order, the following additional terms shall apply to Our provision of such
Professional Services.

2.2

2.3

24

Our Obligations

We shall provide Professional Services using knowledgeable, educated and suitably qualified personnel and in accordance
with adequate standards of care, as prescribed by accepted industry standards.

Any Work Results specified in writing as such in the relevant Order shall be delivered in accordance with agreed specifications
and timelines. Where no such specification and/or timeline are agreed, Work Results shall be delivered with adequate quality
and within a reasonable period of time.

Except where Professional Services are explicitly designated as works services (Werkleistungen), they shall be delivered as
professional services (Dienstleistungen). This shall apply also in the event that a Work Result or a success have been agreed,
in particular in respect of implementation and configuration support relating to Our Cloud Service.

Your Obligations

Where specified in an Order, You will appoint a Project Manager, who will coordinate Your activities related to the Professional
Services. You will ensure that the same person acts as Project Manager for the duration of the applicable Professional
Services engagement; but if You need to change the Project Manager You must notify Us in writing of such change.

You shall:

2.2.1 cooperate with Us on any matters relating to the Professional Services as set out in the Order and provide Us with
prompt feedback to Our requests;

2.212: in the event Professional Services are provided on Your premises, provide Us with safe and adequate space, power,
network connections, materials, CPU time, access to hardware, software and other equipment and information, and
assistance from qualified personnel familiar with Your hardware, software, other equipment and information as We
reasonably request for the performance of the Professional Services;

2.23 provide Us in a timely manner such Customer Materials and access as We may request in connection with the
provision of the Professional Services; and

2.24 ensure that the Customer Materials are correct in all material respects, do not infringe any Intellectual Property
Rights of any third party and do not breach any applicable law or regulation or any term of the Agreement.

If Our performance of Our obligations under an Order is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of You or Your agents,

sub-contractors or employees, We are not liable to You for any costs, charges or losses which may be sustained or incurred

by You as a result of such delay or Our inability to perform the Professional Services. Our time of performance shall be

enlarged, if and to the extent reasonably necessary due to such acts or delays by You. Without prejudice to Our other rights

or remedies, We will notify You of the estimated impact of any such delays on any performance schedule and fees.

Acceptance

24] In view of any Work Results agreed as such, We may require You to provide Us with a declaration of acceptance.
You shall accept any Work Results without undue delay and in accordance with this Section 2.4 of Annex B.

242 Where an Order comprises of more than one Work Result which can be used independent of each other, separate
acceptance testing shall be performed for each Work Result.

24.3 Where an Order specifies partial Work Results (Teilwerke), We can require You to perform a partial acceptance test.
Subsequent partial acceptance tests are performed only in view of any partial Work Results which are provided at
such later stage, and in order to verify the joint functioning of all provided partial Work Results.

244 You shall perform the acceptance test with a period of ten (10) business days and will either declare acceptance or
provide Us with information relating to any detected defects, including a description of the defect and information
as to the symptoms caused by the defect. If You fail to provide Us with Your notification within such timeline or are
using the Work Results without any reservation, the Work Result shall be deemed accepted. You may not withhold
acceptance on the basis of non-material defects. Productive use of Work Results shall constitute acceptance of the
relevant (partial) Work Result.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 12:
42

43

6.
61

6.2

7.
71

245 We shall remedy any defects notified to Us in accordance with Section 2.4.4 of this Annex B within a reasonable
period, taking into account the gravity of the defect. You shall verify Our remediation of the defect within five (5)
business days after having been notified that the defect has been remedied. Section 2.4.4 of this Annex B shall
otherwise apply accordingly.

Change Process

if either party requests a change to the scope or execution of the Professional Services (“Change Request”), We shall, within
a reasonable time, provide a written estimate to You of (i) the likely time required to implement the Change Request; (ii) any
variations to Our Fees arising from the changg; (iii) the likely effect of the change on the applicable Order; and (iv) any other
impact of the change on these Terms.

The change shall not take effect until We have agreed with You an amendment to the Order in accordance with this Section
to incorporate the necessary variations to the Fees, the applicable Order and any other relevant Sections of these Terms to
take account of the change (“Change Order"). If no Change Order is agreed no changes to the scope of the Professional
Services will occur and the Professional Services will be performed in accordance with the description of Services applying
on the date on which the Change Request was requested.

Proprietary Rights

All Intellectual Property Rights in the Celonis Materials and Celonis Work Results are owned by Us and shall remain the sole
and exclusive property of Celonis SE or its licensors. You are granted only the non-exclusive use rights explicitly provided in
these Terms.

Unless otherwise agreed to in writing in an Order, upon full payment of the Fees in respect of the Professional Services, We
grant You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free license to use the Work Results for Your and Your
Affiliates’ own internal business purposes. Only to the extent required to use the Work Results as per the applicable Order, We
grant You a non-exclusive, non-transferable, perpetual, royalty-free license to use the Celonis Materials. The rights of use
granted in this Annex B shall automatically terminate upon termination or expiry of the last, potentially separate Order for
Cloud Services.

All Intellectual Property Rights in Customer Materials are owned by and will remain with You or Your licensors. You hereby
grant (or shall procure that the owner of the Intellectual Property Rights therein shall grant) to Us a non-exclusive, non-
transferable, worldwide and royalty-free licence to use the Customer Materials free of charge for the term of the applicable
Order, to permit Us to perform Our obligations under such Order.

Nothing in the Agreement shall be construed so as to prevent Us from using techniques, ideas and other know-how gained
during the performance of an Order in the furtherance of Our own business to the extent that such use does not result in a
disclosure of Confidential Information in breach of Section 13 of the main body of the Terms or any infringement of Your or
Your licensors’ Intellectual Property Rights.

Professional Services Fees

We will provide all Professional Services on a time and material basis at Our then-current rates, unless otherwise agreed by
You and Us in an Order. Our daily rates are calculated based on an 8 (eight) hour working day (excluding weekends and
public holidays at the place of Our business seat). All Professional Services are billed in arrears on a monthly basis. Unless
agreed otherwise the Professional Service Fees exclude travel and accommodation costs and reasonable out of pocket
expenses which will be borne by You at a flat daily rate for on-site Professional Services as set out in the Order.

Term and Termination

Each Order for Professional Services shall take effect on the Order date and remain in effect until any agreed end date
specified in the Order or until all Professional Services under such Order have been provided, unless terminated sooner in
accordance with these Terms.

Unless otherwise stated in an Order, each Order for Professional Services may be terminated for convenience by either Party
by providing thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the other Party.

Limited Warranty

Where We fail to provide Professional Services which are deemed professional services (Dienstleistungen) within the
meaning of applicable law in accordance with Section 1 of this Annex B, We shall cure such failure within a reasonable period
of time, provided You have informed Us thereof in writing without undue delay, but in no event later than two (2) weeks
following Our provision of the affected Professional Service. Damage claims and claims for reimbursement of vain

12

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 13:
expenditures shall be subject to the limitations set out in Section 8 of this Annex B. All further claims, including claims for
damages and for reimbursement of vain expenditures, regardless of their legal basis, shall be excluded.

7.2. To the extent Our Professional Services consist of works services (Werkleistungen) within the meaning of applicable law, the

following shall appl

7.21

7.2.2

7.2.3

7.24

7.2.5

7.2.6

7.2.7

ly:
We warrant in accordance with the provisions of Section 7.2 of this Annex B that Our Professional Services shall
materially conform with all specifications explicitly agreed in the applicable Order, and that no third-party rights
shall affect Our grant of the agreed usage rights. Where no specifications are agreed, We warrant that the Work
Results shall be suitable for the contractually agreed usage, and otherwise are suitable for their common usage,
and consist of a quality which can commonly be expected for work results of the relevant type.

You shall inform Us of any defect in writing without undue delay, precisely specifying the exact problem and alll
providing information which is reasonably necessary in view of Our remediation of the defect.

In the event of a breach of a warranty, We shall, at Our option and expense, either re-perform (Nacherfuillung) the
affected Professional Service and provide You with a new, defect-free version of the Work Product, or by remediating
the defect. Remediation of a defect may also be accomplished by providing You with a reasonable work-around
from the effects of the defect. In the event of proven defects in title, Our re-performance may be performed either
by providing You with the agreed rights of use in view of the Work Product or, at Our choice, in an alternative
exchange or replacement Work Product which still materially complies with the agreed specifications. You shall
accept such new version of the Work Product if and to the extent the contractually agreed specifications are
complied with, and always provided this is not unreasonable for You. The urgency of Our remediation shall be
dependent on the effects of the defect in view of Your use. The other provisions of this Annex B, in particular Section
2, shall apply accordingly.

If We cannot reasonably repair or replace the affected Work Product after expiry of a reasonable grace period
provided by You in writing, You may terminate the Order or reduce the Fees accordingly (Minderung). We shall be
responsible for damage claims and claims for vain expenditures (vergebliche Aufwendungen) in view of Our breach
of warranty subject to the limitation of liability in Section 8 of this Annex B. All further claims, including claims for
damages and for reimbursement of expenditures, regardless of their legal basis, shall be excluded.

The period of limitation for claims pursuant to Sections 7.21 to 7.2.3 of this Annex B shall be one (1) year and
commences on the date of acceptance of the respective Work Product. This also applies to claims resulting from
termination or Fee reduction in accordance with Section 7.2.4 of this Annex B. The abbreviation of the statute of
limitation shall not apply in cases of wilful misconduct or gross negligence on Our part, in the event of wilful
concealment of defects, personal damages or in view of defects of title pursuant to Section 438 para. 1 lit.1.a of the
German Civil Code (Burgerliches Gesetzbuch).

The period of limitation in respect of remediation services, work-arounds and new deliveries provided as part of Our
re-performance shall also be completed at the point in time described in Section 7.2.5 of this Annex B above. As long
as We are, in agreement with You, verifying the existence of a defect or providing re-performance activities, the
period of limitation shall be inhibited (Hemmung) until We inform You of the result of Our verification, declare re-
performance to be completed or reject further re-performance activities. The period of limitation shall not be
completed earlier than three (3) months after the end of its inhibition.
Where We are providing Services in view of the search for or the remediation of defects without being legally obliged

to do so, We shall be entitled to a compensation. This particularly applies if a notified defect remains unproven or
cannot be connected to Our performance, or where the Work Results are not used in accordance with the

Agreement.

7.3. Warranty claims asserted by You under this Annex B shall have no effect on any other Orders or other contracts that are in

place between You and Us.

8. Limitation of Liability

Subject to Section 12.1a of the main body of the Terms and in deviation from Section 12.1b of the main body of the Terms, We
shall be liable to You in cases of simple negligence only in the event of Our breach of so-called cardinal obligations (ie.
obligations which are essential to the performance of the Agreement and which You may reasonably rely upon). In such
cases, Our aggregate liability to You for or in respect of any loss or damage suffered by You over a period of twelve (12)
months under or in connection with the affected Order shall be limited to the total amount of Fees You paid to Us under the

13

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 14:
affected Order within these twelve (12) months, however not to fall short of Euro 100,000. For the purposes of clarification, the
remainder of Section 12 of the main body of the Terms shall also apply to the provision of Professional Services, except stated
otherwise in this Section 8 of Annex B.

14
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 15:
Annex C
Data Processing Agreement

This Data Processing Agreement including its Exhibits (the “DPA") details the parties’ obligations on the protection of Personal Data
associated with Our Processing of Your Personal Data within the scope of the applicable Order or any agreement between You

and Celonis for providing Services (hereinafter, the “Agreement’).

Processing of Personal Data
A With regard to the Processing of Personal Data, You are the controller and determine the purposes and means of
Processing of Personal Data You provide to Us (“Controller”) and You appoint Us as a processor (“Processor”) to process such
Personal Data (hereinafter, ‘Data”) on Your behalf (hereinafter, “Processing’).
2. The details of the type and purpose of Processing are defined in the Exhibits attached hereto. Except where the DPA
stipulates obligations beyond the Term of the Agreement, the duration of this DPA shall be the same as the Agreement Term.

3. You shall be solely responsible for compliance with Your obligations under the applicable Data Protection Laws, including,
but not limited to, the lawful disclosure and transfer of Personal Data to Us by upload of source data into the Cloud Service or
otherwise.

A. Processing shall include all activities detailed in this Agreement and the instructions issued by You. You may, in writing,
modify, amend, or replace such instructions by issuing such further instructions to the point of contact designated by Us.
Instructions not foreseen in or covered by the Agreement shall be treated as requests for changes. You shall, without undue delay,
confirm in writing any instruction issued orally. Where We believe that an instruction would be in breach of applicable law, We
shall notify You of such belief without undue delay. We shall be entitled to suspend performance on such instruction until You
confirm or modify such instruction.

1.6. We shall ensure that all personnel involved in Processing of Customer Data and other such persons as may be involved
in Processing shall only do so within the scope of the instructions. We shall ensure that any person Processing Customer Data is
subject to confidentiality obligations similar to the confidentiality terms of the Agreement. All such confidentiality obligations shall
survive the termination or expiration of such Processing.

2, Data Security

2: We shall implement technical and organizational measures and safeguards that ensure the adequate protection of
Customer Data, confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services and shall implement a
process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring
the security of the Processing, as further specified at https://www.celonis.com/trust-center/. It shall be Your responsibility to

familiarize Yourself with these measures and to assess whether they ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk.

225 To demonstrate adequate levels of protection, We have obtained third-party certification and audits of Our information
security program, e.g. DIN ISO/IEC 27001:20165. All Our certificates are available at https://www.celonis.com/trust-center/.

2.3. We reserve the right to modify the measures and safeguards implemented, provided, however, that the level of security
shall not materially decrease during a Subscription Term.

3. Our Obligations

31. We shall notify You without undue delay after We become aware of any accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration,
unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Customer Data, including Personal Data, stored or otherwise processed by Us or Our sub-
processors (“Security Incident’).

32. We shall use best efforts to identify the cause of such Security Incident and take the measures We deem necessary and
within Our control for remediating and securing Customer Data; We shall coordinate such efforts with You without undue delay.
We shall correct or erase Customer Data if instructed by You and where covered by the scope of the instructions permissible.
Where an erasure, consistent with data protection requirements, or a corresponding restriction of Processing is impossible, We
shall, based on Your instructions, and unless agreed upon differently in the Agreement, destroy, in compliance with data protection
requirements, all data or return the same to You.

3.3. In specific cases designated by You, such Customer Data shall be stored or handed over. The associated cost for doing
so and protective measures to put in place shall be agreed upon separately, unless already agreed upon in the Agreement. We
shall, upon termination of Processing and upon Your instruction, return all Customer Data, carrier media and other materials to
You or delete the same.

15
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 16:
3.4. Where a data subject asserts any claims against You in accordance with Article 82 of the GDPR, We shall, where possible,
support You in defending against such claims, at Your cost.

4. Your Obligations

Al. You shall notify Us without undue delay, and comprehensively, of any defect or irregularity with regard to provisions on
data protection detected by You in the results of Our work.

42. Where a data subject asserts any claims against Us in accordance with Article 82 of the GDPR, You shall, where possible,
support Us in defending against such claims, at Our cost.

43. You shall notify Our point of contact listed in Exhibit 1 for any issues related to data protection arising out of or in connection

with the Agreement.

5 Data Subjects Rights

5.1. Where a data subject asserts claims for rectification, erasure or access to Us, and where We are able to correlate the
data subject to You, based on the information provided by the data subject, We shall refer such data subject to You without undue
delay. We shall support You, where possible, and based upon Your instruction insofar as agreed upon. We shall not be liable in
cases where You fail to respond to the data subject’s request completely, correctly, or in a timely manner. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, if Your employee submits a data subject request in relation to Online Training Cloud, You agree that we can fulfill such
request without Your further approval.

5.2. We shall support You, insofar as is agreed upon by the parties, and where possible for Us, in fulfilling data subjects’
requests and claims, as detailed in chapter Ill of the GDPR and in fulfilling the obligations enumerated in Articles 33 to 36 GDPR.

6. Options for Documentation
61. We shall document and, upon request, provide such documentation of Our compliance with the obligations agreed upon

in this DPA by appropriate measures.

6.2. If You require an audit of our compliance under this DPA, such audits and inspections will be conducted upon 30 days
prior written notice, at most once per calendar year, during regular business hours, without interfering with Our operations, and
subject to the execution of a confidentiality agreement. We shall be entitled to reject auditors that are competitors of Ours. You
hereby consent to the appointment of an independent external auditor by Us, provided that We provide a copy of the audit report
to You.

63. Where a data protection or other applicable supervisory authority conducts an audit, para. 2 above shall apply mutatis
mutandis. The execution of a confidentiality agreement shall not be required if such supervisory authority is subject to professional
or statutory confidentiality obligations whose breach is sanctionable under the applicable criminal code.

% Sub-processing
7A. We shall not sub-process any of Our obligations under this Agreement except as set forth in this DPA.
72. You hereby consent to Our use of the sub-processors listed in Exhibit 1 to this DPA in connection with the performance of

the Agreement. We shall, prior to the use of further sub-processors, obtain Your prior approval, such approval not to be withheld
except for important reasons related to compliance with Data Protection Laws. In such case, We or the respective sub- processor
will enter into a written agreement with each sub- processor containing data protection obligations not less protective than those
in this Agreement with respect to the protection of Customer Data to the extent applicable to the nature of the Services provided
by such sub-processor.

7.3. We shall conclude, with such sub-processors, contractual terms necessary to ensure an appropriate level of data
protection and information security and in compliance with all Data Protection Laws.

7A. We will be liable for the acts and omissions of Our sub-processors to the same extent We would be liable if we were
performing the Services for each sub-processor directly under the terms of this DPA, except as otherwise set forth in the

Agreement.
8. Obligations to Inform, Mandatory Written Form, Choice of Law
81. Where Customer Data becomes subject to search and seizure, an attachment order, confiscation during bankruptcy or

insolvency proceedings, or similar events or measures by third parties while in Our control, We shall notify You of such action
without undue delay. We shall, without undue delay, notify all pertinent parties in such action, that any Customer Data affected
thereby is Your sole property and area of responsibility, that Customer Data is at Your sole disposition, and that You are the
responsible body under the GDPR.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 17:
8.2. No modification of this DPA, including but not limited to, Our representations and obligations, if any, shall be valid and
binding unless made in writing, and only if such modification expressly states that such modification applies to the terms of this
DPA. The foregoing shall also apply to any waiver or change of this mandatory written form.

8.3. In case of any conflict, the terms of this DPA shall take precedence over the terms of the Agreement. Where individual
terms of this DPA are invalid or unenforceable, the validity and enforceability of the other terms of this DPA shall not be affected.
84. This DPA is subject to the laws of the Member State in which the Controller is established (provided this is within the EEA,

Switzerland or the United Kingdom), and for all other cases subject to the laws applicable pursuant to Section 15.4 of the
Agreement and the parties submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts for any disputes arising out of or in connection with
this DPA.

9. Liability. The Limitation of Liability Section of the Terms shall apply except as explicitly agreed otherwise in this DPA.
10. International Transfers
10.1. We will only transfer Personal Data outside the European Economic Area where We have complied with Our obligations

under applicable Data Protection Laws in ensuring adequate safeguards in relation to such transfer.

10.2. The unmodified EU Standard Contractual Clauses (the “SCCs") set forth in Exhibit 2 of this DPA shall apply to any transfers
of Personal Data under this DPA from the European Union, the European Economic Area and/or their member states, Switzerland
and the United Kingdom to countries which do not ensure an adequate level of data protection within the meaning of Data
Protection Laws of the foregoing territories, to the extent such transfers are subject to such Data Protection Laws.

10.3. Where required to ensure an adequate level of data protection, You herewith grant Us authority to enter into “controller-
to-processor” agreements with Our non-EEA sub-processors in Your name and on Your behalf. These agreements must be based
on unmodified EU Standard Contractual Clauses or other templates or mechanisms approved by the EU Commission for ensuring
an adequate level of data protection between You and Our sub-processors within the meaning of applicable Data Protection
Laws. Upon Your request, We shall provide You with a copy of the respective documentation entered into with Our sub-processor
in this regard.

N. TERMS FOR THE SCCs

Wl. The SCCs and the additional terms specified in this Section apply to (i) a customer which is subject to the Data Protection
Laws of the European Union, the European Economic Area and/or their member states, Switzerland and/or the United Kingdom
and, (ii) its Authorized Affiliates. For the purpose of the SCCs and this Section, the aforementioned entities shall be deemed “data
exporters”.

1.2. This DPA and the Agreement are Your complete and final documented instructions at the time of signature of the
Agreement to Us for the Processing of Personal Data. Any additional or alternate instructions must be agreed upon separately. For
the purposes of Clause 5(a) of the SCCs, the following is deemed an instruction by You to process Personal Data: (a) Processing
in accordance with the Agreement and applicable Order(s); (b) Processing initiated by Users in their use of the Services and (c)
Processing to comply with other reasonable documented instructions provided by You (eg,, via e-mail) where such instructions
are consistent with the terms of the Agreement.

.3. Pursuant to Clause 5(h) of the SCCs, You acknowledge and expressly agree that (a) Our Affiliates may be retained as
Sub-processors; and (b) Us and Our Affiliates respectively may engage third-party Sub-processors in connection with the
provision of the Services. We shall make available to You the current list of Sub-processors.

4. Pursuant to Clause 5(h) of the SCCs, You acknowledge and expressly agree that We may engage new Sub-processors
as described in Section 8 of the DPA.
.5. The parties agree that the copies of the Sub-processor agreements that must be provided by Us to You pursuant to

Clause 5(j) of the SCCs may have all commercial information, or clauses unrelated to the SCCs, removed by Us beforehand; and,
that such copies will be provided by Us, in a manner to be determined in Our discretion, only upon request.

6. The parties agree that the audits described in Clause 5(f) and Clause 12(2) of the SCCs shall be carried out in accordance
with the following specifications:
7. Upon Your request, and subject to the confidentiality obligations set forth in the Agreement, We shall make available to

You or Your independent, third-party auditor information regarding the Our compliance with the obligations set forth in this DPA
in the form of the third-party certifications and audits set forth in the Celonis Trust Center Documentation. You may contact
isms@celonis.com to request an on-site audit of the procedures relevant to the protection of Personal Data. You shall reimburse
Us for any time expended for any such on-site audit at the Our then-current Professional Services rates. Before the
commencement of any such on-site audit, the parties shall mutually agree upon the scope, timing, and duration of the audit in
addition to the reimbursement rate for which You shall be responsible. All reimbursement rates shall be reasonable, taking into

7
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 18:
account the resources expended by Us. You shall promptly notify Us with information regarding any non-compliance discovered

during the course of an audit.
N18. The parties agree that the certification of deletion of Personal Data that is described in Clause 12(1) of the SCCs shall be

provided to You only upon Your request.
1.9. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the body of this DPA and any of its Schedules (not including the

SCCs) and the SCCs, the SCCs shall prevail.

18

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 19:
Exhibit 1 - Purpose and Scope of Data Processing

(as per the specifications in an Order, which may be in addition to the below)

1 Scope of data processing

Cloud Service: As directed by the Controller, names and e-mail
addresses may be inserted in the Cloud Service to automatically
send reports relating to process analyses to the respective
persons. Usernames are uploaded into the Cloud Service which
then are pseudonymized. Controller can upload process data
into the Cloud Service. This data may contain Personal Data of
employees and/or customers of the Controller which Processor
will host as part of the Cloud Service.

Support Services : Processor’s personnel may access Controller's
instance or be provided Controller's data excerpted from
Controller's Cloud Service instance on a case-by-case basis if
requested by the Controller in the context of Support Services
(eg. “shadowing’). In addition, Personal Data of Controller's
employees issuing Support Services requests (“tickets”) may be
stored by Processor for the purposes of administrating the
Support Services.

Online Training Cloud : Controller's personnel contact details (e-
mail addresses) are stored and used for the transmission of
training materials, the execution of trainings and for its
certification.

Professional Services: Processor’s personnel may access
Controller's instance, or be on Controller's premises, or be
provided Controller's data excerpted from Controller's Cloud

Service instance on a case-by-case basis if requested by the

Controller in the context of Professional Services (eg.
“shadowing’).
2, Procedures of data processing

Cloud Service: The Processor provides the functionalities of the
Cloud Service including the data uploaded and processed by
Controller in a third-party data center.

Support Services: The Support Ticketing Tool used by Processor
is externally hosted in a data center and used by Processor's
personnel for the purposes of administering the support tickets.
Shadowing of Users or otherwise accessing of data sets as part
of Support Services only occurs where explicitly requested by the
Controller.

Online Training Cloud : Online Training is hosted in a data center.
The training tool may be used to transmit invitations and
certifications and for evidencing its participation.

Professional Services : During the course of providing
Professional Services for implementation, configuration or
evaluation of the Cloud Services, Our personnel may have
access to Customer Data containing Personal Data.

3. Purpose of data processing

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

Cloud Service: The Cloud Service provides the tools to analyze
processes based on data from IT systems of the Controller.
Personal Data is primarily used to provide the affected person
with information (eg. the person would like to receive
scheduled reports). If Personal Data is used for process
analysis in which case usernames will be pseudonymized.

Support Services: Support of the Cloud Service through
provision of Support Services for the Controller.

Online Training Cloud : Execution and administration of Online
Training Cloud Services.

Professional Service: Implementation, configuration and
evaluation projects regarding the Cloud Service.

4. Categories of data which are processed under
the instructions of the Controller

User account related data. Depending on individual use case,
processed personal data may also include, without limitation,
names, identification numbers, addresses,
communication data (e.g. phone, cellphone, e-mail), process
log data, usernames from the Controller's IT / ERP system.

business

5. Data subjects

Employees, customers, vendors, agents, or consultants of the
Controller based on Services provided.

6. Data Protection Officer of the Processor : Dr. Kraska,
Sebastian; +49 89 1891 7360; skraska@iitr.de

7. Contact for the
incident@celonis.com.

Processor : security-

8. Contact for the Controller: To be provided by Controller
via email to Processor at above address.

9. Permitted Sub-processors

Processor may use the following sub-processors (based on
the respective Services according to the relevant Order):
Sub-processor name and Description of processing
processing location (as
applicable)
Amazon Web Services Inc.,
Seattle, United States
. Hosting location for
Customers in the United

Hosting of Cloud Service
and processing of data
provided by the Controller

States and Canada: North
Virginia, United States
+ Hosting location for all
other Customers:
Frankfurt, Germany
AbsorbLMS Technology Ltd,
Dublin, Republic of Ireland

Hosting of Online Training
Cloud

19


Page 20:
HappyFox Inc,, Frankfurt,
Germany

Operation of the Support
Ticketing Tools

Microsoft Corporation,
Redmond (WA), United States

Hosting location for
Customers in the United
States and Canada:
Washington, United
States

Hosting location for
Customers in Japan:
Tokyo, Saitama, Japan
Hosting location for all
other Customers:
Frankfurt, Germany

Hosting of Cloud Service
and processing of data
provided by the Controller

Salesforce.com Germany
GmbH, Munich, Germany

Operation of the Support
Ticketing Tools

Our Affiliates (as applicable):
Celonis SE, Germany

Celonis, Inc., United States
Celonis AB, Sweden

Celonis ApS, Denmark
Celonis B.V., The Netherlands
Celonis Canada Ltd, Canada
Celonis K.K,, Japan

Celonis LL.C., Kosovo

Celonis Ltd., United Kingdom
Celonis SAS, France

Celonis Schweiz GmbH,
Switzerland

Celonis S.L, Spain

Celonis Srl, Italy

Integromat s.r.0, Czech
Republic

Support of the Services
through personnel of such
Affiliate.

UserLane GmbH,
Munich, Germany

Operation of Guided
Learning Tours within the
Online Training Cloud Tool

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

20


Page 21:
Exhibit 2- STANDARD CONTRACTUAL CLAUSES (Controller to Processor)

For the purposes of Article 26(2) of Directive 95/46/EC for the transfer of personal data to processors established

in third countries which do not ensure an adequate level of data protection
Name of the data exporting organisation:

Address: ...

Tel. ...j fax ...; e-mail: ...

Other information needed to identify the organisation:

(the data exporter)

And

Name of the data importing organisation:

Address: ...

Tel. ...; fax ...; e-Mail: ...

Other information needed to identify the organization:
(the data importer)

each a ‘party’; together ‘the parties’,

HAVE AGREED on the following Contractual Clauses (the Clauses) in order to adduce adequate safeguards with

respect to the protection of privacy and fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals for the transfer by the

data exporter to the data importer of the personal data specified in Appendix 1.

Clause 1 Definitions
For the purposes of the Clauses:

(a)‘personal data’, ‘special categories of data’, ‘process/processing’, ‘controller’, ‘processor’, ‘data subject’
and ‘supervisory authority’ shall have the same meaning as in Directive 95/46/EC of the European
Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the
processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data;

(b) ‘the data exporter’ means the controller who transfers the personal data;

(c)‘the data importer’ means the processor who agrees to receive from the data exporter personal data
intended for processing on his behalf after the transfer in accordance with his instructions and the terms
of the Clauses and who is not subject to a third country’s system ensuring adequate protection within
the meaning of Article 25(1) of Directive 95/46/EC;

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

21


Page 22:
(d)‘the sub-processor’ means any processor engaged by the data importer or by any other sub- processor
of the data importer who agrees to receive from the data importer or from any other sub- processor of
the data importer personal data exclusively intended for processing activities to be carried out on behalf
of the data exporter after the transfer in accordance with his instructions, the terms of the Clauses and

the terms of the written subcontract;

(e)‘the applicable data protection law’ means the legislation protecting the fundamental rights and
freedoms of individuals and, in particular, their right to privacy with respect to the processing of personal
data applicable to a data controller in the Member State in which the data exporter is established;

(f)'‘technical and organisational security measures’ means those measures aimed at protecting personal
data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or
access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of data over a network, and against

all other unlawful forms of processing.

Clause 2 Details of the transfer

The details of the transfer and in particular the special categories of personal data where applicable
specified in Appendix 1 which forms an integral part of the Clauses.

Clause 3 Third-party beneficiary clause

1The data subject can enforce against the data exporter this Clause, Clause 4(b) to (i), Clause 5(a) to (e),
and (g) to (j), Clause 6(1) and (2), Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12 as third-party beneficiary.

2.The data subject can enforce against the data importer this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6,
Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where the data exporter has factually disappeared or
has ceased to exist in law unless any successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data
exporter by contract or by operation of law, as a result of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the

data exporter, in which case the data subject can enforce them against such entity.

3.The data subject can enforce against the sub-processor this Clause, Clause 5(a) to (e) and (g), Clause 6,
Clause 7, Clause 8(2), and Clauses 9 to 12, in cases where both the data exporter and the data importer
have factually disappeared or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, unless any successor entity
has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract or by operation of law as a result
of which it takes on the rights and obligations of the data exporter, in which case the data subject can
enforce them against such entity. Such third-party liability of the sub- processor shall be limited to its own

processing operations under the Clauses.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

are

22


Page 23:
4.The parties do not object to a data subject being represented by an association or other body if the data
subject so expressly wishes and if permitted by national law.

Clause 4 Obligations of the data exporter
The data exporter agrees and warrants:

(a)that the processing, including the transfer itself, of the personal data has been and will continue to be
carried out in accordance with the relevant provisions of the applicable data protection law (and, where
applicable, has been notified to the relevant authorities of the Member State where the data exporter is
established) and does not violate the relevant provisions of that State;

(b)that it has instructed and throughout the duration of the personal data-processing services will instruct
the data importer to process the personal data transferred only on the data exporter’s behalf and in
accordance with the applicable data protection law and the Clauses;

(c)that the data importer will provide sufficient guarantees in respect of the technical and organisational

security measures specified in Appendix 2 to this contract;

(d)that after assessment of the requirements of the applicable data protection law, the security measures
are appropriate to protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss,
alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the
transmission of data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing, and that these
measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the processing and the nature
of the data to be protected having regard to the state of the art and the cost of their implementation;

(e) that it will ensure compliance with the security measures;

(f)that, if the transfer involves special categories of data, the data subject has been informed or will be
informed before, or as soon as possible after, the transfer that its data could be transmitted to a third
country not providing adequate protection within the meaning of Directive 95/46/EC;

(g)to forward any notification received from the data importer or any sub-processor pursuant to Clause
5(b) and Clause 8(3) to the data protection supervisory authority if the data exporter decides to continue
the transfer or to lift the suspension;

(h)to make available to the data subjects upon request a copy of the Clauses, with the exception of
Appendix 2, and a summary description of the security measures, as well as a copy of any contract for
sub-processing services which has to be made in accordance with the Clauses, unless the Clauses or
the contract contain commercial information, in which case it may remove such commercial

information;

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

23


Page 24:
(i)that, in the event of sub-processing, the processing activity is carried out in accordance with Clause Il by
a sub-processor providing at least the same level of protection for the personal data and the rights of
data subject as the data importer under the Clauses; and

(j) that it will ensure compliance with Clause 4(a) to (i).

Clause 5 Obligations of the data importer
The data importer agrees and warrants:

(a)to process the personal data only on behalf of the data exporter and in compliance with its instructions
and the Clauses; if it cannot provide such compliance for whatever reasons, it agrees to inform promptly
the data exporter of its inability to comply, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the

transfer of data and/or terminate the contract;

(b)that it has no reason to believe that the legislation applicable to it prevents it from fulfilling the
instructions received from the data exporter and its obligations under the contract and that in the event
of a change in this legislation which is likely to have a substantial adverse effect on the warranties and
obligations provided by the Clauses, it will promptly notify the change to the data exporter as soon as it
is aware, in which case the data exporter is entitled to suspend the transfer of data and/or terminate the

contract;

(c)that it has implemented the technical and organisational security measures specified in Appendix 2
before processing the personal data transferred;

(d) that it will promptly notify the data exporter about:

i any legally binding request for disclosure of the personal data by a law enforcement
authority unless otherwise prohibited, such as a prohibition under criminal law to

preserve the confidentiality of a law enforcement investigation;

ii. any accidental or unauthorised access; and

iii. any request received directly from the data subjects without responding to that
request, unless it has been otherwise authorised to do so;

(e)to deal promptly and properly with all inquiries from the data exporter relating to its processing of the
personal data subject to the transfer and to abide by the advice of the supervisory authority with regard
to the processing of the data transferred;

MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 25:
(f)at the request of the data exporter to submit its data-processing facilities for audit of the processing
activities covered by the Clauses which shall be carried out by the data exporter or an inspection body
composed of independent members and in possession of the required professional qualifications bound
by a duty of confidentiality, selected by the data exporter, where applicable, in agreement with the
supervisory authority;

(g)to make available to the data subject upon request a copy of the Clauses, or any existing contract for
sub-processing, unless the Clauses or contract contain commercial information, in which case it may
remove such commercial information, with the exception of Appendix 2 which shall be replaced by a
summary description of the security measures in those cases where the data subject is unable to obtain

a copy from the data exporter;

(h)that, in the event of sub-processing, it has previously informed the data exporter and obtained its prior

written consent;

(i) that the processing services by the sub-processor will be carried out in accordance with Clause 1];

(j)to send promptly a copy of any sub-processor agreement it concludes under the Clauses to the data

exporter.
Clause 6 Liability

1.The parties agree that any data subject, who has suffered damage as a result of any breach of the
obligations referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 1] by any party or sub-processor is entitled to receive

compensation from the data exporter for the damage suffered.

2.If a data subject is not able to bring a claim for compensation in accordance with paragraph 1 against the
data exporter, arising out of a breach by the data importer or his sub- processor of any of their obligations
referred to in Clause 3 or in Clause 11, because the data exporter has factually disappeared or ceased to
exist in law or has become insolvent, the data importer agrees that the data subject may issue a claim
against the data importer as if it were the data exporter, unless any successor entity has assumed the
entire legal obligations of the data exporter by contract of by operation of law, in which case the data

subject can enforce its rights against such entity.

The data importer may not rely on a breach by a sub-processor of its obligations in order to avoid its own
liabilities.

3.If a data subject is not able to bring a claim against the data exporter or the data importer referred to in
paragraphs 1 and 2, arising out of a breach by the sub-processor of any of their obligations referred to in
Clause 3 or in Clause 11 because both the data exporter and the data importer have factually disappeared
or ceased to exist in law or have become insolvent, the sub-processor agrees that the data subject may

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

25


Page 26:
issue a claim against the data sub-processor with regard to its own processing operations under the
Clauses as if it were the data exporter or the data importer, unless any successor entity has assumed the
entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data importer by contract or by operation of law, in which
case the data subject can enforce its rights against such entity. The liability of the sub- processor shall be

limited to its own processing operations under the Clauses.
Clause 7 Mediation and jurisdiction

1.The data importer agrees that if the data subject invokes against it third-party beneficiary rights and/or
claims compensation for damages under the Clauses, the data importer will accept the decision of the

data subject:

(a)to refer the dispute to mediation, by an independent person or, where applicable, by the supervisory

authority;

(b) to refer the dispute to the courts in the Member State in which the data exporter is established.

2.The parties agree that the choice made by the data subject will not prejudice its substantive or procedural

rights to seek remedies in accordance with other provisions of national or international law.
Clause 8 Cooperation with supervisory authorities

1.The data exporter agrees to deposit a copy of this contract with the supervisory authority if it so requests
or if such deposit is required under the applicable data protection law.

2.The parties agree that the supervisory authority has the right to conduct an audit of the data importer, and
of any sub-processor, which has the same scope and is subject to the same conditions as would apply to
an audit of the data exporter under the applicable data protection law.

3.The data importer shall promptly inform the data exporter about the existence of legislation applicable to
it or any sub-processor preventing the conduct of an audit of the data importer, or any sub-processor,
pursuant to paragraph 2. In such a case the data exporter shall be entitled to take the measures foreseen
in Clause 5(b).

Clause 9 Governing law

The Clauses shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established, namely

Clause 10 Variation of the contract

The parties undertake not to vary or modify the Clauses. This does not preclude the parties from adding clauses
on business related issues where required as long as they do not contradict the Clause.

26
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 27:
Clause I Sub-processing

1.The data importer shall not subcontract any of its processing operations performed on behalf of the data
exporter under the Clauses without the prior written consent of the data exporter. Where the data importer
subcontracts its obligations under the Clauses, with the consent of the data exporter, it shall do so only by
way of a written agreement with the sub-processor which imposes the same obligations on the sub-
processor as are imposed on the data importer under the Clauses. Where the sub- processor fails to fulfil
its data protection obligations under such written agreement the data importer shall remain fully liable to

the data exporter for the performance of the sub-processor’s obligations under such agreement.

2.The prior written contract between the data importer and the sub-processor shall also provide for a third-
party beneficiary clause as laid down in Clause 3 for cases where the data subject is not able to bring the
claim for compensation referred to in paragraph 1 of Clause 6 against the data exporter or the data
importer because they have factually disappeared or have ceased to exist in law or have become
insolvent and no successor entity has assumed the entire legal obligations of the data exporter or data
importer by contract or by operation of law. Such third-party liability of the sub- processor shall be limited

to its own processing operations under the Clauses.

3.The provisions relating to data protection aspects for sub-processing of the contract referred to in
paragraph 1 shall be governed by the law of the Member State in which the data exporter is established.

4.The data exporter shall keep a list of sub-processing agreements concluded under the Clauses and
notified by the data importer pursuant to Clause 5(j), which shall be updated at least once a year. The list
shall be available to the data exporter’s data protection supervisory authority.

Clause 12 Obligation after the termination of personal data-processing services

1.The parties agree that on the termination of the provision of data-processing services, the data importer
and the sub-processor shall, at the choice of the data exporter, return all the personal data transferred and
the copies thereof to the data exporter or shall destroy all the personal data and certify to the data exporter
that it has done so, unless legislation imposed upon the data importer prevents it from returning or
destroying all or part of the personal data transferred. In that case, the data importer warrants that it will
guarantee the confidentiality of the personal data transferred and will not actively process the personal

data transferred anymore.

2.The data importer and the sub-processor warrant that upon request of the data exporter and/or of the
supervisory authority, it will submit its data-processing facilities for an audit of the measures referred to in
paragraph 1.

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

27


Page 28:
On behalf of the data exporter:
Name (written out in full): ...
Position: ...

Address: ...

Other information necessary in order for the contract to be binding (if any):

Customer's Stamp

Customer’s binding signature:

On behalf of the data importer:

Name: Wolfgang Déring
Position: General Counsel
Address: c/o Celonis SE, Theresienstr. 6, 80333 Munich, Germany

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

28


Page 29:
Appendix!

to the Standard Contractual Clauses

This Appendix forms part of the Clauses and must be completed and signed by the parties

The Member States may complete or specify, according to their national procedures, any additional necessary
information to be contained in this Appendix

Data exporter

The data exporter is (please specify briefly Your activities relevant to the transfer):

Data importer

The data importer is acting as a subprocessor of Celonis SE or one of its affiliated legal entities (each the “Celonis
Contracting Entity”), which is providing the data exporter with a cloud software solution in the field of process

mining.

In this respect, the data importer’s personnel will operate the cloud infrastructure remotely in particular to cover
24/7 operations, handle support questions of employees of data exporter on behalf of the respective Celonis
Contracting Entity and insofar may have access to personal data related to the data importer’s instance of the
cloud services and create and process support ticket data. Where explicitly requested by data exporter’s
personnel, data importer may “shadow” users and therefore see contents of the data exporter’s analysed source
system data.

Data subjects

The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data subjects (please specify):

Employees of the data exporter, customers or suppliers of data exporter. Further data subjects or categories of
subjects may be agreed by the parties.

Categories of data

The personal data transferred concern the following categories of data (please specify):

Name, user name /D, log and protocol data, business contact information such as telephone and e-mail and
address data.

Special categories of data (if appropriate)

The personal data transferred concern the following special categories of data (please specify):

Not applicable

Processing operations

29
MSA (May 2021) - German Law


Page 30:
The personal data transferred will be subject to the following basic processing activities (please specify):

Provision of support services, ticketing of support requests, “shadowing” of users upon their explicit request,

administration services related to cloud service hosting and operation

DATA EXPORTER
Name:...

Authorised Signature ...

DATA IMPORTER
Name: Wolfgang Déring

Authorised Signature:

MSA (May 2021) - German Law

30


Page 31:
Appendix 2 - to the Standard Contractual Clauses

This Appendix forms part of the Clauses and must be completed and signed by the parties.

Description of the technical and organisational security measures implemented by the data importer in accordance with

Clauses 4(d) and 5(c):
. Confidentiality

.1 Entry control

Locked building

Locked offices

Mechanical security locking system

Documented key issuance

Secure areas only accessible for employees with Key Card

Locked server rooms with entry control

Locked server cabinets

Electronic entry control

Daily security service for offices and building

Monitoring of all visitors during their stay in the office

.2. Access control

& Personalized user

Central authentication with a user name and password

Access blocked after too many incorrect password entries

Encrypted notebooks

A secure line connection for external access

Use of an up-to-date firewall

.3 Usage control

Role-based authorization process

Application-specific authentication with user name and password

Logging user usage

Encryption of mobile data media

XI Allocation of authorizations only after approval by the data owner

Protected storage of data media

Destruction of paper documents in compliance with data protection law

Administrative users are kept to a minimum and documented.

.4 Pseudonymization

MSA (February 2021) - German Law

Password convention with a complex password and a minimum number of characters

31


Page 32:
Pseudonymization takes place immediately upon request by the client.

.5 Separation control

Client separation within the data processing system

Separation of productive and test systems

2. Integrity

2.1 Transmission control

VPN connections

The use of private storage media is prohibited

Special protection when physically transporting data media

2.2 Input control

Traceability when assigning, changing and deleting user authorizations

i)

.3 Contractual order control

Documentation of processing activities

Careful selection of processors

No use of processors who have not entered into agreement pursuant to Article 28 GDPR

& Written agreement with the processor on the data protection minimum standard

Appropriate monitoring of the processor

Assuring compliant destruction or return of the data upon completion of the assignment

3. Availability and reliability

Routine documented patch management for end servers

Routine documented patch management for end devices

Downloading security-critical patches within 72 hours

Data storage on storage system

Uninterrupted power supply

Early fire detection

4. Procedure for routine review, assessment, and evaluation

Appointment of a data protection officer

&l Routine documented training of employees involved in data processing

Routine auditing of the procedures

Routine review of the latest technical standards pursuant to Article 32 GDPR

MSA (February 2021) - German Law

32


Page 33:
DATA EXPORTER
Name:...

Authorised Signature ...

DATA IMPORTER
Name: Wolfgang Déring

Authorised Signature:

MSA (February 2021) - German Law

33


