Page 1:
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT
Dated [e] of [e], 2020

BY AND BETWEEN

Ctrl S Datacenters Limited
(‘Service Provider’)
and
[Name of the Customer]

(‘Customer’)


Page 2:
MASTER SERVICE AGREEMENT

This Master Service Agreement (“A greement” or “MSA”) dated as of this [e] day of [e], 2020 is made
by and between Ctrl S Datacentres Limited, a company registered under the laws of India with its
primary offices situated at Plot No.16, Software Units Layout, Madhapur, Hyderabad- 500081
(hereinafter referred to as “Service Provider" which expression shall include its successors and
assignees) and [@], a company incorporated under laws of [e] and having its primary offices situated
at [e] (hereinafter referred to as the “Customer" which expression shall include its successors and
permitted assignees) shall become effective from [@] (“Effective Date’).

Service Provider and Customer shall individually be referred to as a “Party” and collectively as
“Parties”.

The Parties agree that as of the Effective Date, this Agreement shall constitute the complete exclusive
statement of the agreement between them and that this A greement shall supersede and replace any prior
agreements between the Parties regarding the subject matter herein.

WHEREAS this Agreement describes the terms and conditions under which the Customer will obtain
Service Provider’s Services (defined later) and the Parties intend that any specific business transactions
will be implemented through individual separately executed Purchase Orders (defined later) unless
otherwise provided under Part A of Schedule I to this Agreement.

WHEREAS the following Schedules are attached hereto and incorporated into this Agreement by this
reference:

Schedule I, Part A — Specific Terms Addendum and Schedule 1, Part B (together referred to as
“STA”)Schedule II — Service Level Agreement (“SLA”)

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises herein, Service Provider and the
Customer agree as follows:

1. Definitions:

.1. “Affiliate” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with the entity referred to, but only for so long as such control exists;

.2. “Agreement” means, collectively, the MSA, any applicable Purchase Order, STA, AUP,
SLA and other addenda which govern the provision of Services mutually agreed between
the Parties.

.3, “Applicable Laws” mean all laws/rules/regulations applicable on the Services according to
the governing laws of the Governing Law Country mentioned under Section 7 of the STA.

A. “AUP” means Service Provider’s Acceptable User Policy found at
https://www.ctrls.in/aup.php

.o. “Billing Commencement Date” means the date on which the billing period shall commence
as mentioned under Section 9 of STA.

.6. “Business Day” means Monday through Friday, excluding public holidays, in the country
whose laws govern this A greement.

.7.. “Confidential Information” means non-public information disclosed by one party to the
other in any form that: (i) is designated as “Confidential”; (ii) a reasonable person knows or
reasonably should understand to be confidential; or (iii) includes either party’s products,
customers, marketing and promotions, know-how, or the negotiated terms of the A greement;
and which is not independently developed by the other party without reference to the other’s
Confidential Information or otherwise known to the other party on a non-confidential basis
prior to disclosure.



Page 3:
10.

AL

12.

.20.

21,
22.

“Cure Period” shall mean the period mentioned under Section 12 of the STA.

“Customer C onfiguration” means an information technology system (hardware, software
and/or other information technology components) which is the subject of the Services or to
which the Services relate.

“Customer Data” means all data which Customer receives, stores, or transmits on or using
the Customer Configuration.

“Due Date” means the date on which a period of thirty (30) days from the date of a valid
invoice raised by the Service Provider on the Customer for the Services.

“End User” means any individual or entity that directly or indirectly through another user:
(a) accesses or uses Customer’s Content; or (b) otherwise accesses or uses the Services under
Customer’s account. The term “End User” does not include individuals or entities when they
are accessing or using the Services or any content under their own account with the Service
Provider, rather than under Customer’s account.

. “Fees” mean the fee payable by the Customer to the Service Provider for the Services as per

the terms of this Agreement

. “Hosted System” means a Customer Configuration provided by the Service Provider for

Customer’s use of Services.

. “Initial Term” means the term of this Agreement as specified under Section 13 of STA.
. “Jurisdiction” means the courts of law situated in and having jurisdiction in the city/region

mentioned under Section 8 of the STA.

. “Purchase Order(s)” shall mean all purchase orders pertaining to the Services and/or

additional/supplemental services, raised by the Customer and duly accepted by the Service
Provider under this A greement.

. “Renewal Term” means the automatic renewal period following expiry of the Initial Term,

for consecutive rolling 90 day terms unless otherwise provided under the STA.

. “Services” shall mean all services provided by the Service Provider to which the Customer

subscribes to, by the virtue of this A greement as described under Schedule I, PartB and/or
any subsequent Purchase Orders.

“Service Level Agreement” or “SLA” means the Services Levels Agreement entered
between the Parties as provided under Schedule II to this A greement.

“STA” means the Specific Terms Addendum provided under Schedule I to this Agreement.
“Tax” means all taxes applicable on the provision of Services as per the A pplicable Laws.

2. Terms Governing Provision of Services:

The Parties agree that this A greement shall be read together with the purchase order(s) for Services
issued by the Customer and accepted by Service Provider, and together they shall constitute the
terms and conditions on which the Services shall be provided by Service Provider to the Customer.
In case of conflict among different documents or sections, each of the following would prevail over
the subsequent ones:

- STA

- SLA

- AUP

- MSA

- Purchase Order

3. Services:
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, Service Provider shall provide the
Services to the Customer. In case the relevant section in Schedule 1, Part B is blank, services


Page 4:
mentioned in the Purchase Order issued by the Customer and duly accepted by the Service Provider
shall constitute Services.

Change in Scope of Services:

4.1.Customer may request additional services during the Term by (i) executing a statement of work
prepared by the Service Provider (“SOW”); or (ii) by placing a Purchase Order. SOWs and
Purchase Orders may also be collectively referred to as “Orders”. SOWs will not be effective
unless signed by both Parties. Customer and Service Provider may execute multiple Orders
under this Agreement and all Orders will be governed by the terms and conditions of this
Agreement. Each additional Order will supplement rather than replace the prior Orders, unless
otherwise stated by the Parties in writing.

4.2.If Customer requests a change to an existing Order, Service Provider will prepare a change
order (“Change Order”) as per the Change Request Procedure provided under Section 14 of
the STA which will be effective when signed by the Parties. Change Orders will amend
existing Orders but will not replace them, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing.
Service Provider has no obligation to execute, or to amend, any Order, including any Change
Order, with Customer.

Lock-In Period:

Customer acknowledges and accepts that the provision of Services by the Service Provider shall be

subject to Lock-In Period as provided under Section 11 of STA. The Customer shall not be entitled

to terminate this Agreement during the Lock-In Period for any reasons whatsoever except for the

sole reason as specified under Clause 13.3 (a) and (b). Notwithstanding anything contained herein,

if the Customer terminates this A greement before the expiry of Lock-In Period, then the Customer

undertakes and agrees to pay the Service Provider, on or before the effective date of termination of

this Agreement, an early termination compensation of an amount equivalent to the fee payable for

the balance period of such Lock-In Period, calculated as per such effective date of termination of

this A greement.

Fees and Payment Terms:

6.1. The fees that the Service Provider shall charge for Services shall be agreed upon by Parties
from time to time and set forth in the relevant Purchase Order. Unless otherwise agreed
between the Parties in writing, Fees for the Services will begin to accrue on the Billing
Commencement Date. Service Provider will invoice the Customer for the Services in advance
at the beginning of every Billing Cycle, as defined under Section 10 of the STA. Customer
shall pay all undisputed invoices raised by the Customer on or before the Due Date. Partial
months will be billed on a pro rata basis based on a thirty (30) day month and Customer will
pay for the Services in accordance with this Section.

6.2.Invoices that are not disputed within thirty (30) days of the invoice date are conclusively
deemed to be accepted as accurate by Customer.

6.3.Any overdue amounts owed by Customer will accrue interest at the lesser of two percent (2%)
per month or the highest rate permitted by Applicable Laws.

6.4.In the instance if the actual consumption by the Customer under this Agreement exceeds the
mutually agreed consumption levels as per the scope of Services, the Parties agree and affirm
that the Service Provider shall be entitled to raise a demand note evidencing such excess
consumption, charging the Customer as per the agreed rates calculated on a pro-rata basis and
the Customer undertakes to honour such undisputed demand note(s) and pay the additional fee
charged therein. The Service Provider undertakes that it shall provide the necessary


Page 5:
documents/evidences to establish such excess consumption of Services on part of the
Customer.

6.5.All amounts due to the Service Provider under the Agreement are exclusive of Tax. Service
Provider shall invoice all taxes applicable on the Services as per Applicable Laws to the
Customer and Customer shall pay Service Provider any Tax that is due or provide Service
Provider with satisfactory evidence of Customer’s exemption from the Tax in advance of
invoicing. Customer shall provide Service Provider with accurate and adequate documentation
sufficient to permit Service Provider to determine if any Tax is due.

6.6.All payments to the Service Provider shall be made without any withholding or deduction for
any taxes except for local withholding taxes. Customer agrees to provide the Service Provider
with accurate factual information and documentation of Customer’s payment of any such local
withholding taxes in a timely manner. Service Provider shall remit such cost to Customer in
the form of a credit on Customer’s outstanding account balance following receipt of sufficient
evidence of payment of any such local withholding taxes as per A pplicable Laws.

Representations and Undertakings:

7.1.Each Party represents that:

a. It has the legal right and authority to enter into this Agreement and is not barred by any
agency or under A pplicable Laws.

b. All the information and disclosures made in respect to this A greement are true and accurate.

c. It has taken all necessary authorizations and approvals for the purpose of execution of this
Agreement.

7.2. Customer represents that except to the extent caused by Service Provider’s breach of this
Agreement, (a) Customer is responsible for all activities that occur under the Hosted System,
regardless of whether the activities are authorized by the Customer or undertaken by the
Customer, Customer’s employees or a third party (including Customer’s contractors, agents or
End Users), and (b) Service Provider is not responsible for unauthorized access (not
attributable to the Service Provider) to Customer’s Hosted System.

7.3. Customer further represents that it owns and/or has the lawful right to possess contents,
materials and the data (including the Customer Data) which runs on the Services or causes to
interface with the Services or which is uploaded for the Services or posted or submitted or
otherwise used during availing of the Services by the Customer and such contents do not
violate any terms of this Agreement or any Applicable Laws. Customer is solely responsible
for the development, content, operation, maintenance, and use of Customer Data and content
on the Hosted System.

7.4. Customer agrees to utilize the Services strictly in accordance with the AUP. Service Provider
shall be entitled to modify the A UP from time to time and such amended A UP, made available
at the website of Service Provider, shall be applicable. In all events where the Parties have
mutually agreed to modify the terms of the AUP and such modifications shall be captured
under this Agreement, the terms so modified shall prevail over the AUP and shall be read
harmoniously with the terms of the AUP. If no such modifications are mentioned under this
Agreement, then the standard A UP shall remain applicable.

7.5. Service Provider represents that the Services provided under this Agreement are not in
violation of any Applicable Laws and undertakes to provide Services in accordance with this
Agreement.

7.6. Service Provider does not provide any support or services to End Users unless Service Provider
has a separate agreement with the Customer stating otherwise or an End User obligating us to
provide such support or services.



Page 6:
8. Confidentiality:

8.1. Each Party (“Receiving Party”) agrees that it will not disclose to third party/ies any information
belonging to the other Party (“Disclosing Party”) which is provided to it by the Disclosing
Party before, during and after the execution of this Agreement. All such information belonging
to the Disclosing Party and provided to the Receiving Party shall be considered Confidential
Information. Confidential Information includes prices, quotations, negotiated issues made
before the execution of the Agreement, server configuration, design and other related
information and information relating to the contents to be transmitted to and from the servers
of Service Provider or Customer. All information provided by a Party to the other shall be
considered confidential even if it is not conspicuously marked as confidential.

8.2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, neither Party shall have any obligations regarding non-use or
non-disclosure of any confidential information which (i) is already known to the Receiving
Party at the time of disclosure; (ii) is or becomes part of the public domain without violation
of the terms hereof; (iii) is shown by conclusive documentary evidence to have been developed
independently by the Receiving Party without violation of the terms hereof; (iv) is disclosed
by the Disclosing Party to a third party without similar restrictions on the third party's rights;
or (v) is received from a third party without similar restrictions and without violation of this
or a similar agreement.

8.3.Each Party agrees not to disclose any of the Confidential information obtained from the other
under any circumstances to any third party unless it is so required by law to be disclosed or if
it falls under any of the exceptions mentioned in Clause 8.2 above. Any disclosure to be made
by the Customer as per the requirements of law shall be so disclosed on providing advance
notice to Service Provider with the reasons for such disclosures.

8.4.The terms and conditions of this Agreement, and all annexes, attachments and amendments
hereto and thereto shall be considered Confidential Information. No news release, public
announcement, advertisement or publicity concerning this Agreement and/or its contents
herein shall be made by either Party without the prior written approval of the other Party unless
such disclosure or public announcement is required by applicable law. Notwithstanding any
provision to the contrary, Service Provider shall be entitled to freely disclose the information
that it is providing / has provided the Services to the Customer in its marketing, promotion or
other materials.

9. Temporary Suspension of Services:

9.1. Service Provider may suspend or limit Customer’s or any End User’s right to access or use any
portion or all of the Services immediately upon prompt notice to the Customer if the Service
Provider determines:

(a) Customer’s or an End User’s use of the Services;
i. poses an immediate security risk to the Hosted System or any third party,
ii. could adversely impact Service Provider’s systems, the Services or the systems or
content of any other customer,
iii. could be fraudulent or be utilized to cause fraud or be illegal or be utilized to aid or abet
illegal activities;
(b) Customer is in breach of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within a period of
ten (10) days (or such mutually agreeable period) of Service Provider notifying the
Customer of such breach;


Page 7:
10.

(c) Customer is in breach of its payment obligations under Section 5 and fails to cure such
breach within the Cure Period.
(d) In all events where such suspension or limitation is required by law.

In all events of suspension under Clause 9.1(a)(i) and Clause 9.1(a)(ii), the Service Provider must
furnish a detailed Root Cause Analysis (RCA) Report to the Customer evidencing and justifying
such reason for suspension and the cause for such suspension attributable to the acts and/or
omissions of the Customer/End User. Further, Service Provider will limit a suspension and/or
limitation in time and scope as reasonably possible under the circumstances

9.2.Effect of Suspension.
In the event Service Provider suspends Customer’s right to access or use any portion or all of
the Services under Clause 9.1 above:
(a) Customer remains responsible for all fees and charges the Customer incurs during the
period of suspension; and
(b) Customer will not be entitled to any service credits as provided under the SLA for such
period of suspension.

Data Privacy:

10.1. | The Service Provider shall without limiting Clause 15 or Customer’s obligations under
Clause 7.3 , implement and undertake reasonable and appropriate measures designed to help
the Customer secure Customer Data against accidental or unlawful loss, access or disclosure.

10.2. All data privacy laws/rules as per the laws of the Governing Law Country (defined under
Section 7 of STA) shall be applicable to the Services. Further, the Parties agree and affirm that
in all cases where the Customer Services pertain to colocation services only, the Service
Provider shall not have any access to Customer Data. Hence, this clause will not be applicable
in such cases.

10.3. The Customer acknowledges that the Service Provider may require to disclose
information and data provided to it by Customer, including information that identifies an
individual or a person either directly or indirectly and alone or in combination with other
information available (such identifying information being referred to as ‘Personal
Information”), such as a person’s name, phone number and email address, to Service
Provider’s affiliates and associates to carry out Services under this Agreement. Service
Provider may also disclose Personal Information obtained from Customer if required (i) under
applicable laws including in connection with law enforcement, fraud prevention, or other legal
action, or as required by law or regulation, or (ii) for optimisation of Services or (iii) if it
reasonably considers it necessary to protect itself, its customers, or the public; All disclosures
under this Clause shall be subject to prior intimation of such disclosure by the Service Provider
to the Customer unless specifically barred thereto.

10.4. The Customer shall be deemed to have consented to disclosure of Personal Information
by the Service Provider in the instances mentioned under Clause 10.3 above by providing such
Personal information to the Service Provider in the course of Service Provider’s performance
of the Services.

10.5. The Service Provider hereby undertakes that the Service Provider shall comply with all
applicable data privacy laws while handling Personal Information belonging to the Customer.
All such disclosures and compliances will be governed and monitored by the Service
Provider’s dedicated Committee on GDPR and Data Protection Laws which shall ensure
Service Provider’s compliance with such applicable data protection laws. However, the Parties
agree and affirm unequivocally due to the nature of the Services, the Service Provider does not


Page 8:
have any access to Customer Data and hence cannot be held liable for any losses/damages that
the Customer may suffer on account of Customer Data.

11. Indemnity

11.1

11.2.

11.3.

Service Provider will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Customer including their,
directors, employees, agents and contractors from any and all liability, damages, costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) that the Customer may incur as
a result of (a) gross negligence or wilful misconduct of the Service Provider solely, in provision
of Services to the Customer; and (b) .any third-party claim alleging that the Services infringe
or misappropriate that third party’s intellectual property rights, and undertakes to pay the
amount of any adverse final judgment or settlement.

Customer will defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Service Provider, its Affiliates
and licensors, and each of their respective employees, officers, directors, and representatives
from and against any Losses arising out of or relating to any third-party claim concerning: (a)
Customer’s or any End Users’ use of the Services (including any activities and use by
Customer’s employees and personnel); (b) violation of this Agreement or applicable law by
the Customer or Customer’s End Users; or (c) a dispute between Customer and any of its End
User (d) an allegation that any of Customer Content infringes or misappropriates that third
party’s intellectual property rights, and will pay the amount of any adverse final judgment or
settlement; except in cases where such third party claim is solely attributable to gross
negligence or wilful misconduct on part of the Service Provider.

The obligations under this Section 11 will apply only if the party seeking defense or
indemnity: (a) gives the other party prompt written notice of the claim; (b) permits the other
party to control the defense and settlement of the claim; and (c) reasonably cooperates with
the other party (at the other party’s expense) in the defense and settlement of the claim. In no
event will a party agree to any settlement of any claim that involves any commitment, other
than the payment of money, without the written consent of the other party.

12. LIMITATION ON DAMAGES:

12.1

. Notwithstanding anything in the Agreement to the contrary:

(a) Either Party’s liability arising out of any loss or damages for which limitation is expressly
prohibited by Applicable Laws, shall be unlimited.

Subject to Clause 12.1(a), the maximum aggregate monetary liability of either Party and
any of its representatives in connection with the Services or this Agreement under any
theory of law shall not exceed the actual damages incurred up to the greater of: (i) an
amount equal to six times the Fees payable by Customer for the Services in the first month
of the Initial Term, or (ii) the total amount paid by Customer to the Service Provider for
the Services that are the subject of the claim in the 12 months immediately preceding the
event(s) that first gave rise to the claim.

(b

12.2. Neither party (nor any of its representatives) is liable to the other party for any indirect,

special, incidental, exemplary, or consequential loss or damages of any kind. Neither party is
liable for any loss that could have been avoided by the damaged party’s use of reasonable
diligence, even if the party responsible for the damages has been advised or should be aware
of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall either party be liable to the other for any
punitive damages; or for any loss of profits, data, revenue, business opportunities, customers,
contracts, goodwill, or reputation.


Page 9:
12.3. As an essential part of the A greement, the liquidated damages payable under the SLA (s) shall

be the credits stated in any applicable SLA(s) which are Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy
for Service Provider’s failure to meet those guarantees for which credits are provided; and the
parties agree that the credits are not a penalty, are fair and reasonable and represent a
reasonable estimate of loss that may reasonably be anticipated from any breach. The maximum
credit(s) for failures to meet any applicable SLA(s) for any calendar month shall not exceed
100% of the then current monthly recurring Fee for the Services. Customer is not entitled to a
credit if Customer is in breach of the Agreement at the time of the occurrence of the event
giving rise to the credit, until such time as Customer has remedied the breach. No credit shall
be due if the credit would not have accrued but for Customer’s action or omission.

13. Term and Termination:
13.1. Term: The term of this A greement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall remain

14,

15.

valid till the expiry of Initial Term and any Renewal Term thereto, unless terminated under
Clause 13 of this Agreement.

13.2. Termination for C onvenience: Either Party may terminate this A greement for any reason

by providing the other Party, a written notice of termination at least ninety (90) days prior
to such date of termination.

13.3. Termination for Cause:

a. Either party may terminate this Agreement for cause if the other party is in material
breach of this Agreement and if the other party fails to cure the material breach within
the Cure Period.

b. Customer may terminate this Agreement if the Service Provider fails to provide
Services as agreed between the Parties under this A greement.

c. Service Provider may terminate this A greement upon breach of monetary terms under
Clause 5 above and fails to cure such breach within the Cure Period.

Effects of Termination:
The Parties agree and affirm that upon the date of termination/expiry of this Agreement:

a.

DISCLAIMER:

Except as provided in Sub-Clause (d) hereunder, all rights of the Customer under this
Agreement immediately terminate.

Customer shall remain responsible for all fees and charges payable by the through the date of
termination for Services rendered by the Service Provider.

Either Party shall immediately return/destroy all Confidential Information belonging to the
other party that may be in its possession as instructed by such party.

The Service Provider must allow the Customer to retrieve any data/remove any physical
assets/equipment belonging to the Customer within a period of ten (10) days from the date of
termination, provided that the Customer has cleared all outstanding dues payable to the Service
Provider till such date of termination.
Termination shall not affect the rights and liabilities of a Party that have accrued before the
effective date of termination.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY
LAW, OR TO THE EXTENT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLY THAT CANNOT BE
EXCLUDED, LIMITED OR WAIVED, SERVICE PROVIDER AND ITS AFFILIATES (A)
MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EX PRESS,
IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE SERVICE OFFERINGS OR


Page 10:
16.

17.

18.

THE THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, AND (B) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING
ANY IMPLIED OR EXPRESS WARRANTIES (I) OF MERCHANTABILITY,
SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-
NFRINGEMENT, OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, (II) ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF
DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, (III) THAT THE SERVICE OFFERINGS OR THIRD-
PARTY CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, ERROR FREE OR FREE OF HARMFUL
COMPONENTS, AND (IV) THAT ANY CONTENT WILL BE SECURE OR NOT OTHERWISE
LOST ORALTERED.

Notices:

6.1. Customer’s routine communications to the Service Provider regarding the Services should
be sent to Customer’s Account Manager via authorised e-mail ID of the Customer. To serve
any notice/communications regarding termination of the Agreement for breach,
indemnification, or other legal matter, Customer shall send the same via electronic mail
and/or through postal service to the address mentioned under Section 3 of the STA.

16.2. All communications by the Service Provider with respect to this Agreement should be sent

to the Customer via electronic mail/fax/registered post/courier at the address or email

address mentioned under Section 6 of the STA.

Force Majeure:

A Party shall not be liable to the other Party if, and to the extent, that the performance of any of its
obligations under this A greement (excluding obligations in relation to the Customer’s payment for
Services already rendered and/or being rendered during the Force Majeure event) is prevented,
restricted, delayed or interfered with due to circumstances beyond the reasonable control of that
Party, including, but not limited to, circumstances such as change in legislation, fire, flood,
explosion, epidemic, accident, act of God, war, riot, terrorist activities, strike, lockout and/or act of
government (Force Majeure).

The Party claiming an event of Force Majeure as aforesaid shall promptly notify the other Party in
writing, and provide full particulars of the event of Force Majeure and the date of first occurrence
thereof, as soon as possible after the event and also keep the other Party informed of any further
developments. The Party so affected shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to remove the
cause of non-performance, and shall, unless otherwise agreed to by the other Party in writing,
resume performance hereunder with utmost dispatch when such cause of non-performance is
removed.

Governing Law and Dispute Resolution:

18.1. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the region/country as provided under
Section 7 of the STA.

18.2. In case of any disagreement or dispute between the Customer and the Service Provider, the
dispute will be resolved in the manner as outlined hereunder.
The Customer and the Service Provider shall make every effort to resolve amicably by direct
informal negotiations any disagreement or dispute between them on any matter connected
with this Agreement or in regard to the interpretation thereof. If, after thirty (30) days from
the commencement of informal negotiations, the Customer and Service Provider have not
been able to resolve the dispute amicably, such differences and disputes shall be referred, at
the option of either Party, to arbitration by a single arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon
between the Parties. In the event of no consensus, the courts of the relevant Jurisdiction shall
appoint an Arbitrator.


Page 11:
Such arbitration will be conducted in accordance with the prevailing arbitration laws/rules
of such country whose laws govern this Agreement. The arbitration shall take place in the
Jurisdiction city, unless otherwise mutually agreed by the Parties and shall be conducted in
the English language.

19. Assignment/Subcontractors

20.

21,

22.

Neither party shall assign this Agreement and/or any Purchase Orders without the prior consent of
the other party, except to an A ffiliate or successor as part of a corporate reorganization or a sale of
some or all of its business, provided the assigning party notifies the other party of such change of
control. The Service Provider may use its A ffiliates or subcontractors to perform all or any part of
the Services, but the Service Provider remains responsible under the Agreement for work
performed by its Affiliates and subcontractors to the same extent as if the Service Provider
performed the Services itself.

Ownership

20.1. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the other Party retains exclusive ownership and
rights in its trade secrets, inventions, copyrights, and other intellectual property and any
hardware provided by such Party in relation to this Agreement.

20.2. Neither Party shall remove or misuse or modify any copyright, trade mark or any other
proprietary right of the other Party which is known by virtue of this Agreement, in any
circumstances.

Declaration with regard to Internet Bandwidth and Public IPs:

The Service Provider hereby declares that in all instances where Internet Bandwidth and/or public
Ps are provided to the Customer as a part of the Services, such Internet Bandwidth and/or public
Ps are sourced through Pioneer E-Labs Limited, a ‘Class A’ ISP License holding company
incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956 (CIN: U72900TG1998PLC030728). Pioneer E-Labs
Limited is an affiliate of the Service Provider, owned and managed by the same promoter group as
the Service Provider. All billings on account of the said Internet Bandwidth and/or public IPs that
may form the part of the Services under this A greement, are done by the Service Provider on behalf
of Pioneer E-Labs Limited as a pass-through mechanism and the Customer may at any time demand
the billings to be done directly through Pioneer E-Labs Limited if the Customer so wishes, by
notifying the same to the Service Provider. The Service Provider, upon receipt of such request
mandate Pioneer E-Labs to raise such bills on account of Internet Bandwidth and/or Public IPs,
directly to the Customer. The Service Provider is making this declaration in good faith.

Miscellaneous;

22.1. The provisions that by their nature are intended to survive expiration or termination of the
Agreement shall survive expiration or termination of this MSA including all terms of the
Agreement requiring Customer to pay any Fees for Services provided prior to the time of
expiration or termination.

22.2. The Agreement constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding between the Parties
regarding its subject matter and supersedes and replaces any prior or contemporaneous
representation(s), agreement(s) or understanding(s), written or oral.

22.3. Amendment/M odification of this Agreement: This Agreement may be amended only by the
written agreement of both Parties.

22.4. General.


Page 12:
Except where otherwise expressly stated herein, and subject to the limitations set forth under
this Agreement, the rights and remedies provided for herein are cumulative and not exclusive
of any rights or remedies that a Party would otherwise have.

22.5. Each Party recognizes and agrees that the warranty disclaimers and liability and remedy
limitations in this Agreement are material bargained for bases of this Agreement and that they
have been taken into account and reflected in determining the consideration to be given by
each Party under this A greement and in the decision by each Party to enter into this A greement.

22.6. Service Provider and Customer are independent contractors and this Agreement will not
establish any relationship of partnership, joist venture, employment, franchise or agency
between the Service Provider and Customer. Neither the Service Provider nor Customer will
have the power to bind the other or incur obligations on the other’s behalf without the other’s
prior written consent.

22.7. The Parties agree that there will be no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement, including,
but not limited to any Authorized Person, end user, customer or the insurance providers for
either Party.

22.8. No waiver of any breach of any provision of this Agreement will constitute a waiver of any
prior, concurrent or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no
waiver will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of
the waiving Party.

<Signature Page Follows>


Page 13:
IN WITNESS WHEREOF EACH PARTY HAS EXECUTED THIS AGREEMENT ON THE

DATES WRITEN BELOW:

Signed by:

Position:

FOR AND ON BEHALF OF
Service Provider

Signed by:

Position:

FOR AND ON BEHALF OF
Customer


Page 14:
SCHEDULE I
SPECIFIC TERMS ADDENDUM

This Addendum (the “STA”) supplements and amends the Master Service Agreement (the
“Agreement”), entered into by and between the Service Provider and the Customer on [INSERT
EFFECTIVE DATE OF MSA]. The “Addendum Effective Date” shall be the date of the last signature
hereunder. Any capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the

MSA.

A. Interpretation: This Addendum supplements the MSA and shall be construed and interpreted in a
harmonious manner as an integral part of the MSA. . In the event of any inconsistency between any
of the clauses of the MSA and this Addendum, the provisions of the Addendum shall survive. All
references in the MSA which mention “Section under Schedule I” shall be read as reference to
Sections mentioned in the Table under Part A provided below.

B. This STA and contains two parts:

(i)
(ii)

Part A: Reference Terms and Specific Amendments to the MSA.
Part B: Commercial Terms

PARTA
Reference Terms and Specific Amendments to the MSA

1. Reference Terms:

Section | Description Particulars
1. Name of the Service Provider entity | Ctrl S Datacenters Limited
2. Registered Office A ddress of the Plot No. 16, Software Units Layout, Madhapur,
Service Provider Hyderabad - 500081
3. Communication Details of the Address: Plot No. 16, Software Units Layout,
Service Provider Madhapur, Hyderabad - 500081
Attn: Legal Team
Email: legal@ ctrls.in
4. | Name of the Customer To be inserted by Customer/Business
5. Registered Office Address of the Tobeinserted by Customer/Business —_—=si|
Customer
6. Communication Details of the Address: To be inserted by Customer/Business __|
Customer | Atin: To be inserted by Customer/Business |
7. Governing Law Country (Insert India
name of the country whose laws will
govern the MSA)
8. Jurisdiction Hyderabad
(Enter the name of the city/region
whose courts of law shall have
jurisdiction)
9. Billing Commencement Date TobeinsertedbyBusiness. = ‘|
10. | Billing Cycle (monthly/quarterly) TobeinsertedbyBusiness ‘|
11. | Lock-In Period 6 Months
12. | Cure Period 30 days
13. | Initial Term (Contract Period) Tobeinserted by Business. = ‘|



Page 15:
14. | Change Request Procedure [[e]

2. Specific Amendments to the MSA and/or AUP (if any)
Sample Amendment clause:
2.1 The following language amends Clause xx of the MSA:
“Proposed language of the Clause”

3. General.
This Addendum does not affect the validity or enforceability of the Agreement. Except for the
modifications set forth herein, all other terms and conditions of the Agreement remain unchanged
and in full force and effect. In the event of any conflict between the terms and conditions of this
Addendum and the terms and conditions of the Agreement, this Addendum shall prevail.
Nothing in this Addendum:

. prejudices or adversely affects any right, power, authority, discretion or remedy arising under the
Agreement before the Addendum Effective Date; or

—

ii. discharges, releases or otherwise affects any liability or obligation arising under the Agreement
before the Addendum Effective Date.

PART B
Commercial Terms

The services and commercial terms to be provided by the Service Provider shall be detailed in the
Statement of Work (SOW) provided along with this MSA.

SCHEDULE II
SERVICE LEVEL AGREEMENT

This Agreement is effective from the Service Commencement Date. This Agreement provides the
right under certain circumstances specified below, for a Customer to receive Service Credits in the
event of failure by Service Provider to provide Services to the Customer in accordance with the
Agreement.

Customer acknowledges that Service Provider has the expertise and knowledge to provide the
Services. The Customer has shown his interest in availing the Services provided by Service Provider
by accepting the terms and conditions mentioned in this Agreement and the standard of the Service
as provided in this SLA.
1. DEFINITIONS

In this SLA, the following words and expressions, unless inconsistent with the context, shall bear the
meanings assigned thereto:

“Billing Start Date” shall mean the date of commissioning report submitted to the Customer by


Page 16:
Service Provider. In case the Customer is not satisfied with the solution delivered by Service Provider,
the Customer shall inform Service Provider of the same within 3 days of the receipt of Commissioning
Date. Upon receipt of the objection, Service Provider shall suspend all Services, make the changes
required and release the environment once again with a new Commissioning Report. In such case the
latter one shall be regarded as the Billing Start Date. If the Customer uses the commissioned set-up,
though he has a few outstanding requests, Customer shall pay full charges from the first
Commissioning Report, unless partial billing is agreed to between the parties, before the Customer
starts using the Services. If no partial billing agreement has been reached and if Customer uses the
Services even after raising objections, Customer shall pay in full from the first date of Commissioning
Report

“Downtime” (“D”) shall mean the duration of the Service Outage, calculated in aggregate number
of hours in respective month. Where if Service Provider identifies the service outage, the downtime
begins from there on or if customer identifies and a Trouble Ticket is raised from the occurrence of
Service Outage, the time period for Downtime begins upon start of Service Outage and ends when the
Trouble Ticket is closed by Service Provider subject to due confirmation from the Customer on
resolution of the outage. The time periods are calculated on basis on the number of outages per
respective month and excluding the events covered under headings Exceptions to this SLA which
shall not for the purposes of this SLA be included while measuring Downtime.

“Exceptions” shall mean all the events as mentioned in Clause 3 of this SLA and shall include either
an event ora set of events, any occurrence and the duration of occurrence of which shall not constitute
a Service Outage or Downtime for the purposes of this SLA.

“Emergency Maintenance” shall mean maintenance carried out under a condition or situation which
poses danger to the system, equipment, network, facilities required for rendering the Service etc. as
the case may be and has to be attended immediately. Service Provider shall try to notify the Customer
about the emergency maintenance in advance, whenever feasible.

“Facility” means the facility located at office of Service Provider in Hyderabad where Service
Provider provides space, racks for placing the servers.

“Fees” means the amount invoiced by Service Provider.

“Network” means the portion of internal computer network owned or operated on behalf of Service
Provider that extends from the outbound port on a Customer’s cabinet switch to the outbound port on
the border router and includes all redundant internet connectivity, bandwidth, routers, cabling and
switches.

“Actual Uptime” (“A”) shall mean the aggregate percentage of Total Uptime Hours in respective
month during which the Services is actually made available for use by Customer.

“Representatives” means any person who is nominated or appointed by the Customer to visit the
Facility center.

“Service Credits” shall mean services which the Customer would be entitled on account of failure
of the Service Provider to provide Services as per the standards mentioned in this Agreement.

“Service Catalogue” shall contain all or any of services/facilities viz., back up facility, dedicated
firewall facility, hardware monitoring facility, help desk support, load balance server, network and
power uptime, OS management, shared firewall service and Version Control described in Annexure
A to this SLA which may be availed by the Customer.

“Service Outage” shall mean an unscheduled disruption/failure in any Service offered by Service


Page 17:
Provider as per this Agreement, due to which Customer’s server is un-accessible to Customer. The
outage of Services due to, but not limited to the following shall be a Service Outage; Customer is
unable to transmit to or receive information from his network equipment because Service Provider
failed to provide facility services to its network equipment including, switch, router, firewall etc.
Failure of Services like Internet connectivity, IDC LAN etc. shall also be treated as Service Outage.

“Setup Charges”: means all charges which may be incurred by Service Provider for installing the
server or any other expenses incurred for the commencement of Services to the Customer.

“Support Desk” shall be the location where the Customer should report a fault. Details of the same
are mentioned in Schedule B to this SLA, orif changed, may be intimated from time to time by Service
Provider to the Customer.

"Total Uptime Hours" shall mean 24 hours 365 days a year (year is defined as period of 365 days)

“Trouble Ticket” means issuing a ticket with a unique identification number confirming the
Customer complaint logged in with Service Provider in relation to a Service Outage faced by the
Customer.

2. SCOPE OF THE SERVICES

2.1 Service Provider may provide such Services as provided in the Service Catalogue provided in
Annexure A to this SLA. The Customer may issue one or more purchase orders to Service
Provider for Services and Service Provider shall accept a purchase order only if it is in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement and for services as covered by the Service
Catalogue.

2.2 Service Provider assures Customer that it shall provide its immediate support and assistance
in the event of any disruption in the Services being provided by Service Provider. The manner
and time frame for troubleshooting and the timelines for the resolution of the problems are
mentioned in the Annexure A of this Agreement.

2.3 Services will be provided to the Customer by Service Provider with the infrastructure
available at its data center which consists of the following:

e Dual active power sources from two different power generation plants.

e Tier IV - (system) + (system) Architecture - Fault Tolerant with No Single Point of
Failure

e Capability to provide 99.995 % SLA

e Unique Six Zone Security System

e Lean Six Sigma - ITIL Framework

e Carrier Neutral Datacenter

e ISO 20000-1 & 27001 Certified

2.4 Service Provider assures the Customer 99.995 % uptime availability of the Infrastructure viz.,
Power and Cooling** covered by this SLA. Hardware Uptimes SLA would be 4 hours
resolution from the time of detection of hardware problem either by Service Provider help
desk or by the Customer. Subject to Clause 3 of this SLA, in the event Service Provider fails
to provide the Customer with the Services required by the Customer in accordance with the
SLA, such failure resulting from complete unavailability of Service Provider network, such
events will be treated as “Qualified Network Downtime Event” for which Service Provider
will issue the Customer a Service Credit - calculated as per method provided in Clause 2.5.

** Service Provider assures Customer that it will provide cooling @ 21°C (+/-) 2°C and


Page 18:
2.5

Humidity levels @ 50 % (+/-) 5%.

The Actual Uptime (A) calculated in the respective month and it will be measured (compared)
against the total uptime hours of the year 99.995%. If the outages exceeds total uptime hours
the following service credits shall be due to Customer:

A >=99.995% No Credits

A in between 99.994% to 99.000% 2 days equivalent service credit for the Service
period affected calculated on a prorate basis.

A in between 98.999% to 98.000% 7 days equivalent service credit for the Service
period affected calculated on a prorate basis.

A is <98% 15days equivalent service credit for the Service period affected
calculated on a prorate basis

Calculation of Actual Uptime % = Total Uptime Hours —A ctual Downtime x 100.

2.6

2.7

3.1

Total Uptime Hours

The Customer is required to provide a preventive maintenance window, once in every quarter
to enable Service Provider to update the various patches and carry out other preventive
maintenance. The time required to carry out this preventive maintenance by Service Provider
shall depend upon the environment of the Customer and shall be informed to the Customer
before the time window is sought. During this window, Customer’s environment shall not be
available and the same shall not be counted as Downtime.

For the customized solutions provided by Service Provider, preventive maintenance is
absolutely essential and the SLAs offered by Service Provider are based on the explicit
understanding that the Customer will provide opportunity for Service Provider to carry out
preventive maintenance from time to time. In case the Customer does not provide, at least
once in a quarter, the requisite downtime to carry out preventive maintenance activities, even
after a request is made by Service Provider, Service Provider shall not be liable to provide any
Service Credits or any other compensation in case of Downtime or any other loss to Customer
such as data loss, denial of service or virus attacks.

Service Provider shall recommend usage of high availability architecture for all critical loads,
wherein there is a duplication of critical elements. For instance, this may be two power sources
to a rack, or two firewalls in the network. In a high availability set-up, it is clarified that even
when one of the elements fail, but the other is still running, then the entire set-
up/solution/system/environment is considered to be available and the same shall not be
counted as Downtime.

EXCEPTIONS

The following events do not constitute a Downtime and shall not be eligible to be considered

for any Service Credit:

(a) Interruption due to scheduled maintenance, alteration, or implementation, where the
Service Provider provides at least seven days prior notice and to the Customer and also
interruption due to Emergency Maintenance; The usual scheduled maintenance time is
the early hours of the morning i.e., between lam to 6am. The usual maintenance time
would not be more than two hours.


Page 19:
4.1

4.2

4.3

5.1

6.1

(b) The quarterly maintainance window as described in clause 2.6 above.

(c) Hardware failure

(d) Failure of the Customer links, internet connectivity or end user software, access circuits,
local loop or any network not owned or managed by Service Provider.

(e) DNS Issues not in scope and control of Service Provider.

(f) | Negligence or other conduct of Customer or its authorized persons, including a failure
or malfunction resulting from applications or services provided by Customer or its
authorized persons;

(g) A shut down due to circumstances reasonably believed by Service Provider to be a
significant threat to the normal operation of the Services, Service Provider’s facility, or
access to or integrity of Customer data (e.g., hacker or virus attack);

(h) Failure or malfunction of any equipment or services not provided by Service Provider;

(i) | Any abuse or fraud failure to comply with the Acceptable User Policy on the part of
Customer and its authorized persons.

(j) Any problems outside the Service Provider Facility Network.

(k) Any interruptions, delays or failures caused by Customer or Customer’s employees,
agents, or subcontractors, such as, the following:

i, Inaccurate configuration.

ii. Non-compliant use of any software installed on the server.
iii. Customer initiated server over-utilization.
iv. Any problems related to the attacks on the machine such as

hacking, attacks, and exploits.
(1) | Any specific services not part of Services.
(m) Force Majeure event.

SERVICE CREDIT

Service Provider agrees that it shall provide for the requisite service credits to the Customer
in the event of it not being able to provide the Services for which it had already received the
payments.

Service Provider agrees that on occurrence of any event that attracts service credits the
Customer would be eligible to request a Service Credit on compliance of the terms as
mentioned in Clause 6.1.(a) of this SLA.

Customer shall be eligible for Service Credit for only those Downtimes which has occurred a
month prior to the date of claim and the maximum Service Credit to which Customer shall be
entitled is as mentioned in Clause 6.1.(c).

PAYMENT TERMS

The Customer shall pay all the charges as set out in the Agreement which includes one-time
setup charges, Quarterly recurring charges and other supplemental charges for any
Supplemental Services provided including before the Service Commencement Date.

PROCEDURE FOR AVAILING SERVICE CREDITS

Whenever the Customer encounters Service Outage, the following procedure should be

followed;

(a) The Customer should contact Service Provider “Support Desk” without undue delay
and shall request for a Trouble Ticket number immediately and can track the Trouble
Ticket number till the Trouble Ticket is closed on resolution of the outage.

(b) Service Provider on the receipt of the issue of Trouble Ticket to the Customer shall have
a background check to verify if the Customer is eligible for the Service Credit.


Page 20:
6.2

71

8.1

10.

11.

12.

(c) When Service Provider fails to provide Services in accordance of the SLA entitling
Customer for Service Credits, Service Provider shall credit the Customer's account the
prorated base charges from the day the Trouble Ticket is issued to Customer till the
Trouble Ticket is closed on resolution of the outage.

Service Credits will be adjusted in the subsequent billing cycle unless otherwise agreed
mutually between the Parties.

WARRANTIES OF SERVICE PROVIDER

Additional Warranties of Service Provider in regards to SLA:

Service Provider warrants that it shall perform and provide Services in a professional and
workmanlike manner in accordance with this A greement.

REPRESENTATIONS OF CUSTOMER

Additional Warranties of Customer in regards to SLA.

(a) The Customer will not do any voice communication from anywhere to anywhere by
means of dialing a telephone number (PSTN/ISDN/PLMN) as defined in National
Numbering plan. The customer will not originate the voice communication service from
a Telephone in India and/or terminate the voice communication to any Telephone
within India.

(b) The Customer will not establish any connection to any public switched Network (i.e.
telephone voice network) in India and will not use any dial up lines with outward dialing
facility from Nodes.

(c) Customer acknowledges and will not establish any interconnectivity between ISPs for
the purposes of offering Internet Telephony Services.

NETWORK SECURITY:

For securing the servers of clients against any NW threats, the following are implemented:
Firewall, IPS and Antivirus etc. However, Customer can opt for dedicated security gadgets
by paying the relevant charges.

MANAGING OS AND DB
Setup and administering the OS, DB and HW including the patches updation for the servers

for OS and DB will be taken care of by Service Provider as and when required. OS is provided
with license and accordingly charged.

SERVER AND DB MANAGEMENT
OS and DB management will be provided by Service Provider to the Customer, if opted for
and charged accordingly.

CLIENT ACCESS TO THE SERVERS


Page 21:
13.

Customer is allowed to access their server only after providing the PO to Service Provider.
The Customer is provided with 2 IPs and 24x7x365 monitoring of servers is maintained.

DISCLAIMER

With a commitment and desire to offer the best possible technology to the Customer and
evolutions in technology, Service Provider shall upgrade its platform from time to time.
Accordingly, Service Provider reserves its right to change the platform without any change in
the service levels committed.


Page 22:
Annexure A

As mentioned in the Service Catalogue the following Services will be provided by CtrlS. In the event
there is a disruption in Service or alarm is triggered, the troubleshooting and resolution of the problem
in respect of each Service, where applicable, shall be as follows:

SCHEDULE I - TROUBLESHOOTING & RESOLUTION TIMES

Mean Timeto Mean Time to
Assist Repair
Priority Priority Definition (MTTA)/ (MTTR)/ Updates

Response Time Resolution
Time

Out of Service Eg: N/W,
Device Down, Power Down
High or Infrastructure down at
CtrlS Datacenter Premises.

15
minutes*

1 Hour

8 Hours Interval

Partial/Intermittent Service
Interruptions — Eg: System,
N/W performance degraded 1H

but still functioning. (For ‘ x 24 Hi our
Medium services being provided by 30 minutes ours Interval
CtrlS and inside its premises)

All Change requests, Access
Low Requests etc. 1 Hour* 48 Hours 12 Hours

* Time starts when the problem is detected by CtrlS Help Desk team or reported by
the customer and ends on assistance/repair as applicable &

* Resolution norms for different hardware problems will depend on the SLAs

with respective vendors.

Q 95% of the calls will be attended to within the stipulated response time - Measured
on a quarterly basis.

Q 90% of the calls will be closed within the stipulated resolution time - Measured on a
quarterly basis

a Resolution norms will not include WAN link


Page 23:
Schedule II to Annexure — A
ESCALATION PROCEDURE

1) In Case of a Customer C omplaint:

SI. No. Step Responsibility

1 Customer Care
Reporting of complaints by the customer Executive
All complaints are reported to the Helpdesk through any of the means:

Landline No: 040-30580583 Electronic

Mail: support@ ctrls.in

* The customer should give the Customer ID along with the complaint
which is down for quick tracking & restoration.

2 Customer Care
Generation of Fault Ticket No Executive
The Helpdesk will enter the details in the fault management system and
inform to the customer about the following:

a Fault ticket No

a Expected Restoration Time
Note 3: The Expected Restoration Time (ERT) will be reported
within half an hour of the customer complaint with cause of failure.

3 Customer care
Updates to Customer Executive
Update to the customer will be given 15 minutes before expiry of ERT.

4 Customer Care
Escalation of Complaint (By Customer) Executive
The Customer is free to escalate to relevant CTRL S personnel in case
customer care does not revert, as per Matrix enclosed.

5 Customer Care
Ticket Closure Executive

Once the fault has been corrected, Helpdesk will contact the Customer]
to ensure that he is satisfied with service restoration. The fault ticket will
be closed in accordance with the Customer’s verbal acceptance of
satisfactory closure.



Page 24:
2) In Case Of Outage: CTRL S IDC will communicate to Customer any outages related to
Managed Services elements within 20 minutes of observation of fault through NMS or
escalation by itsEngineers.

** Logging of complaint is mandatory to ensure that fault ticket number is generated for further
reference & auto escalation through our work flow system.

3) ESCALATION MATRIX

Pre-Sales Escalation
Matrix

Technical Support
Escalation Matrix

Billing Escalation
Matrix

24x 7x 365
Support

P1- >30 mins

P2 - >02 Hrs

Level 0 (First point of C ontact)
support@ esupport.Ctrls.in

Will provide the Ticket #for
your call. This Ticket #to be
quoted for further
escalations. Ph. No: +91-
9963455247

(Shift Mobile Number)
Level 1 Escalation

Shanker A delli
(shanker.adelli@ cloud4

c.com)

040-46474747 (Extn:
2860)

Support

+91-40-42030583,
+91-40-46474747

billing@ cloud4c.com

Support@ ctrls.in

Dedicated Account
Manager

COLO Program Managers
Email ID : ent-colo-
pm@ ctrls.in
PH NO : 6309030691

managers@ ctrls.in

Level 2 Escalation

P1->60 mins

P2->04Hrs

P3 - > 08 Hrs

Sabbik Ubaithullah Azmath Ali Nitin Dicondwar
Ass. Vice President Azmath.ali@cloud4c.co | nitin.dicondwar@ ctrls
van hens ITER | osu

Level 3 Escalation

Prasad MV BV Subbraman

Sankaraman

Mr. Vivek T
Vice President



Page 25:
P2 - > 08 Hrs

P3- > 16 Hrs

P1->08 Hrs

P2->16Hrs

P3 - > 32 Hrs

Email ID :

prasad.mvbv@ ctrls.in
PH NO : 9029059049

subbaraman.sankarra

man@ ctrls.in

internalauditor@ ctrls.in

Level 4 Escalation

Brahma Reddy Mr. Anil Nama

Mr. Neeraj Jha Chief Information

Officer

Senior Vice President
Email ID : Brahma Reddy,

Kasu brahmareddy@ ctrls.in
PH NO : 9833222265

Neeraj .jha@ cloud4c.co . .
mn anilnama@ ctrls.in



