Page 1:
@ GlobalSign’

tyy¥GMO

Master Services Agreement

THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (THE “MSA”) AND APPLICABLE SERVICE SCHEDULE(S) GOVERN YOUR USE OF THE
PRODUCTS AND SERVICE(S) PURCHASED BY YOU UNDER ONE OR MORE ORDER SUMMARIES. YOU MUST READ THIS MSA
CAREFULLY BEFORE PURCHASING PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. BY CHECKING THE ACCEPTANCE BOX AND PLACING YOUR
ORDER, YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS MSA. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS
MSA, YOU WILL NOT BE PERMITTED TO ACCESS OR USE A SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCTS.

BY CHECKING THE ACCEPTANCE BOX, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THIS MSA
ON BEHALF OF THE COMPANY SHOWN IN THE ‘SOLD TO’ FIELD ON THE ORDER SUMMARY ("COMPANY" OR “YOU”) AND TO
BIND COMPANY TO THE TERMS OF THIS MSA WITH GLOBALSIGN.

1. Definitions

ACME MAC Key: An authentication code used for ACME external account binding between Company’s ACME Account and
Company’s Atlas Account.

Admin: A user registered in Company’s Atlas Account and who has access to perform functions on behalf of Company.

Affiliate: An entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this
Agreement.

API Credentials: An authentication method comprised of a key and secret used by Company to access a Service.
Application or App: An application designed for a mobile device (such as a smartphone). App also includes any integration
or connector that may be made available by GlobalSign to assist Company in accessing or integrating the Service with a
Third Party Product. Apps may be subject to separate terms and conditions.

Atlas Account: The account created by Company in Atlas when using the Portal.

CPS: GlobalSign’s Certification Practice Statement available at https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository
as updated from time to time.

Certificate: An electronic document that uses a digital signature to bind a public key and an identity, i.e. digital certificate.

elDAS Regulation: REGULATION (EU) No 910/2014 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 23 July 2014
on electronic identification and trust services for electronic transactions in the internal market and repealing Directive
1999/93/EC (European) and elDAS (UK Legislation) and The Electronic Identification and Trust Services for Electronic
Transactions Regulations 2016 (United Kingdom).

Electronic Seal: Data in electronic form, which is attached to or logically associated with other data in electronic form to
ensure the latter’s origin and integrity and is applied in the name of a legal entity (business or organization).

Electronic Signature: An electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to or logically associated with a document and
adopted by an Individual with the intent to sign a document.

GlobalSign: The GlobalSign entity identified on the Order Summary.
GlobalSign Public Root: A GlobalSign Publicly Trusted root certificate that is embedded into one or more root stores of
application software vendors/browsers and undergoes an annual WebTrust audit. GlobalSign Public Roots are listed in the

CPS.

Identity Document: A physical or electronic form of identification issued by a local country or state government or passport,
national ID card or other official identity document with the same level of confidence in the identity.


Page 2:
Individual: A natural person.
Industry Standards: The applicable (a) requirements or guidelines adopted by the CA/Browser Forum, (b) requirements
applicable to GlobalSign’s inclusion in a trusted root store adopted by an application software vendor, or (c) other

regulatory or quasi-regulatory standards, including but not limited to, the elDAS Regulation.

mTLS Certificate: A Certificate used for mutual or two-way authentication to a Service if Company is integrating its
application directly to a Service API.

Order Summary: The order document which sets out the Products and Services purchased, certain Product features, Quota,
and fees payable, each representing an individual purchase by Company and which is governed by this MSA.

Organization Validated (OV) Certificate Identity: A pre-approved Certificate identity that restricts Certificate request and
issuance to a specific organization for which GlobalSign has authenticated the organization identity as described in the CPS.

Portal: The portal for the Services that provides account management and ordering tools to facilitate the management of
products and services provided by GlobalSign. The Portal also includes Atlas Discovery, a Certificate lifecycle management
(CLM) tool, where this feature has been enabled.

Privately Trusted: A Certificate that is not Publicly Trusted.

Product: The product(s) purchased by Company shown on the Order Summary, including but not limited to, Signatures,
Certificates, Transactions, timestamps and OV Certificate Identities. “Product” also includes any optional add-on features or

items that may be purchased by Company.

Product Pack: The Products that may be ordered via Company’s Services, up to the value of the Quota, and available for use
by Company during the Product Term. Products within a Product Pack may have the same or different features.

Product Term: The period in months shown on the Order Summary.
Product Term Start Date: The date shown on the Order Summary when the Product Term begins.

Publicly Trusted: A Certificate that is trusted by virtue of the fact that its corresponding root CA Certificate is distributed in
widely available application software.

Qualified Timestamp: An RFC3161 compliant timestamp which meets the requirements of the elDAS Regulation.
Quota: The combined total quantity of Products applicable to a Product Pack as shown on the Order Summary.
Service: A hosted service, including Products, ordered by Company as shown on an Order Summary.

Service API: An application programming interface (API) that facilitates the integration of a Service with Company's internal
systems, as may be made available by GlobalSign under this MSA.

Service Credentials: Any form of credential made available to Company by GlobalSign to access a Service, such as an API
Credential, mTLS Certificate, or ACME MAC Key.

Signature: An Electronic Signature or Electronic Seal.

Signer: An Individual who applies a Signature acting as the Subject if the Subject is a natural person or on behalf of the
Subject if the Subject is a legal person.

Subject: The natural person, device, system, unit, or Legal Entity identified in a Certificate as the Subject. If the Subject is a
device or system, it must be under the control and operation of the Subscriber.


Page 3:
Subscriber: A natural person or legal entity to whom a Certificate is issued and who is legally bound by a Subscriber
Agreement. Prior to Certificate issuance, the Subscriber is referred to as the ’Applicant”. For Certificates issued to devices,
the Subscriber/Applicant is the entity that controls or operates the device named in the Certificate, even if the device is
sending the actual Certificate request.

Subscriber Agreement: An agreement between the CA and the Subscriber that specifies the rights and responsibilities of the
parties available at https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository/GlobalSign Subscriber _Agreement.pdf as updated from time
to time.

Test Service: An instance of a Service or Products made available for Company’s use solely for evaluation or trial purposes,
including proofs of concept, beta or other testing, and/or at no charge to Company.

Third Party Product: Any separately downloadable or accessible plug-in or application that adds features or functionality to
the Service, supports interoperability or integration and is made available by a third party as part of, in connection with, or
may be used with the Service.

TPS: The GlobalSign Timestamping Practice Statement available at
https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository/GlobalSign TPS v1.0 final.pdf as updated from time to time.

Trial Product: A Product made available for Company’s use for evaluation purposes and/or at no charge to Company.

Any capitalized terms used in this MSA or the Service Schedule(s) but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning
set forth in the CPS, Subscriber Agreement, or TPS, as applicable.

2. Use of the Services and Portal. GlobalSign hereby grants to Company the right to use the Services, Products and related
documentation for enterprise use in accordance with the terms of this MSA and the applicable Service Schedule(s). If
Company has purchased Premium support, GlobalSign shall provide the services in the GlobalSign Service and Support SLA
available at https://media.globalsign.com/GlobalSign Service and Support Service Level Agreement.

GlobalSign hereby grants to Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license during the
term of this MSA to use and make calls to/from a Service API solely for the purpose of facilitating Company’s use of a
Service.

2.1 Use of the Portal. In connection with the Services, Company will have access to the Portal after Company’s creation of
an Atlas Account. In the Portal, Company’s Admins may perform functions such as purchasing Products, accepting sales
quotes, requesting identities, and obtaining Service Credentials. The Portal may also provide certain communications from
GlobalSign, such as service announcements and other messages. Company is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality
of its Service Credentials held by Company and is fully responsible for all activities that occur under Company’s Atlas
Account. Company agrees to (a) immediately notify GlobalSign of any unauthorized use of its Service Credentials or any
other breach of security to support@globalsign.com, and (b) ensure that Company logs out from its Atlas Account at the
end of each session. GlobalSign may deactivate or remove Company’s Atlas Account and/or access to the Portal if Company
has not conducted any transactions for one (1) year or more.

2.2 Third Party Products. In connection with a Service, GlobalSign may make available or provide access to Third Party
Products as a convenience for Company. Company’s use of a Third Party Product may be subject to separate terms and
conditions applicable to that Third Party Product (such as license terms of the providers of such Third Party Product). If
Company installs or enables (or directs or otherwise authorizes GlobalSign to install or enable) Third Party Products for use
with the Services where the interoperation includes access by the third party to Company Confidential Information,
including but not limited to, any Service Credentials, Company hereby authorizes GlobalSign to allow the third party to
access Company Confidential Information as necessary for interoperation. Company agrees that GlobalSign shall have no
responsibility or liability to Company for (i) any disclosure to or use by the third party of such Confidential Information, or
(ii) the use, interoperability or availability of any Third Party Products.


Page 4:
3. Limitations on Use. Company shall not: (a) copy, modify or create derivative works of the Products or Services or any
component thereof; (b) host, time-share, rent, lease, sell, resell, transfer, license, sublicense, assign, distribute or otherwise
make available the Services (including any Products) to any third party, except as provided in this MSA and the Service
Schedule(s); (c) disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Services;
(d) use the Services to send or store infringing or unlawful material or viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses and other
harmful or malicious codes, files, scripts, agents or programs; or (e) use the Services other than in accordance with this MSA
and in compliance with all applicable Industry Standards, laws and regulations. In addition to any specific use limitations
that may be set forth in a Service Schedule, GlobalSign may set and enforce limits for reasonable use in order to prevent
abuse of or undue burden on the Services.

4. CPS, TPS and Subscriber Agreement. If Company is requesting Publicly Trusted Certificates, (a) the Certificates and
Services shall be provided in accordance with the CPS which is incorporated by reference into this MSA, and (b) Company
shall be considered the Subscriber/Applicant for purposes of this MSA and must ensure that Company and any Subjects,
including but not limited to its employees or contractors, comply with the terms of the Subscriber Agreement. Use of
Certificates must comply with the Subscriber Agreement and CPS. Use of Timestamps must comply with the CPS and TPS.

5. Test Services or Trial Products. The terms of this Section 5 apply if Company is granted the right to access or use a Test
Service or Trial Product(s).

5.1 Trial Product Use. Company may use Trial Products solely for the purpose of Company’s evaluation of a Product or
Service. Company’s right to use Trial Products will terminate immediately upon the earlier of (a) the date the number Trial
Products in Company’s Atlas account is depleted, or (b) the date when GlobalSign terminates Company’s right to use the
Trial Products (which GlobalSign may do at any time in its sole discretion).

5.2 Test Service Use. Company may only access or use a Test Service provided for trial purposes in a non-production, test
environment, and solely for the purpose of Company’s internal evaluation and interoperability testing of a Service.
Company’s right to use a Test Service will terminate immediately upon the earlier of (a) the date the number of Products in
the Test Service is depleted, (b) the expiration date of a Test Service period, or (c) the date when GlobalSign terminates
Company’s right to use a Test Service (which GlobalSign may do at any time in its sole discretion).

5.3 Warranty Disclaimer for Test Services. COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT ANY TEST SERVICES OR PRODUCTS PROVIDED
FOR EVALUATION OR TEST PURPOSES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GLOBALSIGN EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT, RELATING TO THE TEST SERVICES,
PRODUCTS, COMPANY’S USE OR ANY INABILITY TO USE A TEST SERVICE OR PRODUCTS, THE RESULTS OF THEIR USE AND
THIS MSA.

5.4 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR TEST SERVICES. GLOBALSIGN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO COMPANY OR ANY THIRD PARTY
FOR ANY CLAIMS, DEMANDS OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE PRODUCTS OR TEST SERVICES FOR EVALUATION
OR TEST PURPOSES AND THE USE OR FAILURE OF THE TEST SERVICES TO OPERATE FOR WHATEVER REASON, WHETHER
SUCH ACTION IS BASED IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE.

6. Product Packs; Fees; Payment

6.1 Product Packs; Overage. Product Packs expire at the end of the applicable Product Term. There is no credit or refund
for unused Products in a Product Pack. If Company wishes to continue to use a Service after the end of the Product Term,
or if Company exceeds its Quota, Company may order a new Product Pack at the then-current price or order Products
individually. If Company continues to order Products individually, the fee for each Product will be the Product Pack Overage
rate shown on the Order Summary. GlobalSign reserves the right to adjust Overage rates at any time following two (2) years
after the Product Term Start Date.

6.2 Fees; Payment. Company agrees to pay GlobalSign the fees for the Products and/or Services shown in any Order
Summary.


Page 5:
On each Product Term Start Date, Company shall provide GlobalSign with valid, up-to-date and complete credit card details
or, if applicable, purchase order information acceptable to GlobalSign. If Company provides its credit card details to
GlobalSign, Company hereby authorizes GlobalSign to bill such credit card for the fees payable on the Product Term Start
Date for any Products ordered. If Company provides its approved purchase order information to GlobalSign, and/or opts to
pay by invoice, GlobalSign shall invoice Company on the Product Term Start Date for the fees payable in respect of any
Products ordered. If Company orders a new Product Pack, GlobalSign will invoice Company on the new Product Term Start
Date. If Company continues to order Products individually, GlobalSign will invoice Company on a monthly basis in arrears at
the Overage rate shown for the applicable Product on the Order Summary.

All payments are payable in the currency on the Order Summary and, unless otherwise set forth on the Order Summary, are
due net thirty (30) days from the invoice date. GlobalSign’s quoted prices for Services and Products are exclusive of any and
all taxes or duties. Such taxes and duties, when applicable, will be added to GlobalSign's invoices. Company will pay any
taxes, fees and similar governmental charges related to the execution or performance of this MSA, other than applicable
income taxes imposed on GlobalSign related to its receipt of payments from Company.

If any undisputed invoiced amount is not received by GlobalSign by the due date, then without limiting GlobalSign’s rights
or remedies, (a) those charges will accrue late interest at the rate of 1.5% of the outstanding balance per month, or the
maximum rate permitted by law, whichever is lower, and (b) GlobalSign may suspend or limit Company’s access to the
Portal or Services without notice until full payment is made. Company must notify GlobalSign of any fee disputes within
thirty (30) days of the applicable invoice date or such invoice will be deemed accepted.

7. Term; Termination. The term of this MSA will begin on the Order Date of the first Order Summary (the “Effective
Date”) and will continue unless terminated earlier as provided herein.

7.1 Termination. By Company: This MSA or any Service Schedule may be terminated by Company at any time upon no less
than thirty (30) days’ written notice to GlobalSign. By GlobalSign: This MSA or any Service Schedule may be terminated by
GlobalSign upon written notice to Company: (a) if Company materially breaches this MSA or any Service Schedule and such
breach continues for a period of thirty (30) days after notice thereof has been given by GlobalSign; (b) if Company files for
bankruptcy, ceases to carry on business, or undergoes liquidation; (c) if Company is unable to perform a material portion of
its obligations under this MSA or any Service Schedule as a result of an event or events of force majeure for a period of not
less than thirty (30) days; or (d) at any time upon no less than ninety (90) days’ written notice to Company. By either party:
Either party may terminate this MSA or any Service Schedule immediately upon written notice if the other party is in breach
of Section 10 (Confidentiality). Notwithstanding the above, this MSA may be terminated immediately by GlobalSign upon
written notice if GlobalSign determines, in its reasonable discretion, that Company poses a security or compliance risk to
the Service or GlobalSign.

8. Effect of Termination. Upon termination or expiration of this MSA or a Service Schedules, (1) Company shall discontinue
use of the applicable Services, (2) all rights and obligations of the parties under this MSA or Service Schedule shall cease
immediately except the terms and conditions of this MSA and any applicable Service Schedule shall continue to apply to any
Products issued and/or used prior to the termination until the expiration or earlier revocation of the applicable Product,
and (3) GlobalSign will refund any unused fees if terminated by GlobalSign under 7.1(d) above. The following Sections shall
survive any expiration or termination of this MSA: 1, 6, 7 and 9 — 16 of this MSA and any applicable “Audit Rights” in a
Service Schedule.

9. Warranty and Disclaimer

9.1 Compliance with Laws. Each party warrants that it shall comply with all federal, state, and local laws and regulations
applicable to GlobalSign’s provision and/or use of a Service or Product. Each party shall comply, at its own expense, with all
sanction laws, import and export laws, restrictions, national security controls, and regulations of any applicable country’s
agency or authority (collectively “Laws”). Each party warrants that it is not designated or otherwise subject to economic
sanctions or other restrictions pursuant to the Laws and that no individual or entity designated or otherwise subject to
economic sanctions under the Laws owns a 50% or more interest in such party, and does not control such party, directly or
indirectly. Such warranty is continuing in nature and each party shall advise the other party immediately of any change that
affects this warranty. Neither party shall import, export, re-export, or authorize the export or re-export of the Services or


Page 6:
any other product, technology or information that it obtains or learns of hereunder, or any copy or direct product thereof,
in violation of any Laws, or without any required license or approval.

9.2 Authority. Each party warrants that it is validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its
organization and has the power and authority to enter into this MSA and that this MSA has been duly executed and
delivered by such party and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such party.

9.3 Subscriber Information. Company warrants that all information and representations made by the Subscriber are true.

9.4 Personal Data. Company warrants that (i) it has the necessary rights to provide any personal data or other information
that Company provides to GlobalSign, and (ii) providing such information does not violate any applicable data privacy law,
contract or privacy policy. The terms of the GlobalSign data processing addendum at
https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository/GlobalSign-DPA.pdf (“DPA”) are hereby incorporated by reference and shall
apply to the extent GlobalSign processes any Company or Customer Personal Data, as defined in the DPA.

9.5 No Other Warranty. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN THE CPS OR TPS AT https://www.globalsign.com/en/repository, AND TO
THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GLOBALSIGN, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS,
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AS TO THE USE, DELIVERY, LICENSE,
PERFORMANCE OR NONPERFORMANCE OF, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES, PRODUCTS, THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS,
CERTIFICATES, SOFTWARE, DOCUMENTATION OR ANY OTHER SERVICES OFFERED OR CONTEMPLATED BY THIS
AGREEMENT, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. GLOBALSIGN, ITS AFFILIATES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS, DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ALL REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. GLOBALSIGN DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE OR ANY PRODUCTS
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE.

10. Confidentiality. “Confidential Information” means all information that is provided or made available to one party (the
“Receiving Party”) by the other party (the “Disclosing Party”). Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to:
inventions, technologies; strategies; trade secrets; customer and supplier lists; product designs and pricing information;
processes; formulas; business plans; employer and consumer information; employee data; product licensing plans;
budgets, finances, and financial plans; production plans and protocols; technology infrastructure; information security
systems, policies and practices, and technology, data, and methods, and any other information that by its nature would
typically be considered non-public information. Confidential Information may be conveyed to the Receiving Party in
written, electronic, or oral form, and includes any information that may be derived from or developed as a result of
access to the Disclosing Party’s facilities, as well as all notes, reports, evaluative materials, analyses or studies prepared by
the Receiving Party or its directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors (collectively, such Party’s “Representatives”)
regarding or relating to the Disclosing Party or its Confidential Information.

The Receiving Party will protect, and will ensure its employees, officers, agents and contractors will protect Confidential
Information by using the same degree of care as Receiving Party uses to protect its own Confidential Information of a like
nature (but no less than a reasonable degree of care) to prevent the unauthorized use, dissemination, disclosure or
publication of such Confidential Information. The Receiving Party may disclose the Confidential Information only to those of
its Affiliates and their respective employees and advisors who have a need to know and who are under an obligation of
confidentiality at least as restrictive as that contained herein. GlobalSign may also disclose Confidential Information as may
be required for GlobalSign to fulfill its obligations under applicable Industry Standards, subject to appropriate
confidentiality provisions. Confidential Information received may be used only to fulfill the purposes of this MSA. Ifa
Receiving Party or any of its respective Affiliates is requested or required by subpoena, court order, or similar process or
applicable governmental regulation to disclose any Confidential Information, Receiving Party agrees to provide the
Disclosing Party with prompt notice of such request or obligation so that the Disclosing Party may seek an appropriate
protective order or procedure if it elects to do so.

The foregoing confidentiality obligations will not apply to Confidential Information that (a) is now or subsequently becomes
generally available to the public through no fault or breach on the part of the Receiving Party; (b) is known by the Receiving
Party prior to disclosure as noted by tangible record; (c) is independently developed by the Receiving Party without the use
of any Confidential Information of the Disclosing party; (d) the Receiving Party rightfully obtains without a duty of


Page 7:
confidentiality from a third party who has the right to transfer or disclose it; or (e) is disclosed under operation of law; or (f)
is disclosed by the Receiving Party with the prior written approval of the disclosing party.

Upon termination of this MSA, the Receiving Party shall return or destroy the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information
upon the Disclosing Party’s request. The Receiving Party shall be permitted to retain copies of the Disclosing Party’s
Confidential Information to the extent necessary to comply with legal, compliance and/or document retention
requirements. Any Confidential Information so retained will remain subject to the obligations and restrictions contained in
this Section, notwithstanding any termination hereof, and the Receiving Party will not use the retained Confidential
Information for any other purpose.

11. Ownership. Except for the rights expressly granted under this MSA, all right, title and interest in and to the Service,
Products, APIs, and Portal is owned exclusively by GlobalSign. GlobalSign retains all right, title, and interest in and to the
Services and all other products, software, documentation, works, and other intellectual property created, used, or provided
by GlobalSign for the purposes of this MSA, and all modifications, improvements and derivative works of the same.

12. Indemnification

12.1 GlobalSign will settle and/or defend at its own expense and indemnify and hold harmless Company against any cost,
loss or damage from any claim, demand, suit or action brought by a third party against Company alleging that use of the
Services by Company as permitted hereunder infringes upon any copyright, trademark, trade secret, United States or
European patent or other intellectual property right of any third party.

12.2 Should the Services become, or in GlobalSign’s sole opinion likely to become, the subject of any claim or action for
infringement, GlobalSign may (a) procure, at no cost to Company, the right for Company to continue using the Services as
contemplated hereunder; (b) modify the Service, without loss of material functionality or performance, to render the
Services non-infringing; or (c) if the foregoing alternatives are not reasonably available to GlobalSign, terminate this MSA.

GlobalSign’s indemnification obligation will not apply to infringement actions or claims to the extent that those actions or
claims are based on or result from: (i) modifications made to the Services by or on behalf of Company, or (ii) the combination
of the Services with items not supplied by GlobalSign, including any Third Party Products.

12.3 Company will settle and/or defend at its own expense and indemnify and hold harmless GlobalSign against any cost,
loss or damage from any claim, demand, suit or action brought by a third party against GlobalSign arising out of or related
to any (i) breach of this MSA by Company, (ii) use of the Service or Products by a third party who is accessing or acquiring
the Service or Products through Company, (iii) use of any Third Party Products in combination with the Service, or (iv)
Company’s failure to comply with Section 2.1 above.

12.4 The party seeking indemnification (the “Indemnified Party”) agrees to promptly notify the party providing
indemnification (the “Indemnifying Party”) in writing of any indemnifiable claim. The Indemnifying Party shall control the
defense and settlement of an indemnifiable claim. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate in all reasonable respects with
Indemnifying Party and its attorneys in the investigation, trial, defense and settlement of such claim and any appeal arising
therefrom. The Indemnified Party may participate in such investigation, trial, defense and settlement of such claim and any
appeal arising therefrom, through its attorneys or otherwise, at its own cost and expense.

13. Limitation of Liability. GlobalSign, its Affiliates, and their respective successors, directors, officers, employees, and
agents aggregate liability to Company for any and all claims arising out of or relating to this MSA, or the use of or inability to
use the Services or Products, will in no event exceed the amount of fees paid by Company for the Services, including the
applicable Products, within the one (1) year period immediately prior to the event that gave rise to its claim.

14. Limitation of Damages. In no event shall GlobalSign, its Affiliates, and their respective successors, directors, officers,
employees, and agents be liable to Company or any third party for any special, consequential, incidental or indirect
damages including, but not limited to, loss of profits, revenue, or damage to or loss of data arising out of or relating to this
MSA or the use of or inability to use the Services or Products whether or not GlobalSign has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.


Page 8:
15. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The (i) laws that govern the interpretation, construction, and enforcement of this

MSA and all matters, claims or disputes related to it, including tort claims, and (ii) the courts that have exclusive jurisdic!

over any of the matters, claims or disputes, are set forth in the table below.

GlobalSign Entity on Order Summary

Governing Law

Venue

IGMO GlobalSign K.K. Japan [Tokyo District Court, Japan

IGMO GlobalSign China Co., Ltd. China Shanghai, China

IGMO GlobalSign Ltd. England and Wales London, England

GlobalSign NV Belgium Leuven, Belgium

IGMO GlobalSign, Inc. (US) INew Hampshire, USA [State and federal courts of New
Hampshire

IGMO GlobalSign Pte. Ltd Singapore Singapore

IGMO GlobalSign Inc. Philippines Makati City, Philippines

GMO GlobalSign Certificate Services Pvt. Ltd {Laws of Republic of India Delhi, India

IGMO Globa

Sign Russia LLC

Russia Federation Laws

Moscow, Russia

GMO Globa

Sign Solutions in Technology S/A

Brazil

Belo Horizonte, Brazil

IGMO Globa

Sign FZ LLC

United Arab Emirates

Dubai, United Arab Emirates

ion

16. Miscellaneous

16.1 Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable for failure or delay in performing its obligations hereunder if such failure
or delay is due to circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, acts or measures of any
governmental body, war, insurrection, sabotage, embargo, pandemic, fire, flood, strike or other, interruption of or delay in
transportation, unavailability of interruption or delay in telecommunications or third party services; provided however, that
if a party suffering a force majeure event is unable to cure that event within thirty (30) days, the other party may terminate
this MSA.

16.2 Notices. Notices shall, unless otherwise specified herein, be in writing and may be delivered by hand delivery, regular
mail, or overnight courier service to: GlobalSign — the GlobalSign address and Company — the “Sold To” address shown in
the Order Summary. Notices shall be effective at the close of business on the day actually received, if received during
business hours on a business day, and otherwise shall be effective at the close of business on the next business day. A party
may change its contact information below by providing notice of same in accordance herewith.

16.3 Assignment. Except as otherwise provided herein, this MSA shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the
successors, executors, heirs, representatives, administrators and assigns of the parties hereto. This MSA may not be
transferred or assigned by Company without GlobalSign’s prior written consent. Any such purported transfer or assignment
shall be void and of no effect and shall permit GlobalSign to terminate this MSA.

16.4 Severability. If and to the extent that any court holds any provision of this MSA to be unenforceable, such
unenforceable provision shall be stricken and the remainder of this MSA shall not be affected thereby. The parties shall in
good faith attempt to replace any unenforceable provision of this MSA with a provision that is enforceable and that comes
as close as possible to expressing the intention of the original provision.

16.5 Waiver. No waiver under this MSA shall be valid or binding unless set forth in writing and duly executed by the party
against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought. Any such waiver shall constitute a waiver only with respect to the specific
matter described therein and shall in no way impair the rights of the party granting such waiver in any other respect or at any
other time.

17. Entire Agreement. This MSA, Service Schedules and any documents incorporated herein by reference constitute the
entire agreement between the parties and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement or understanding with respect
to the subject matter thereof, including without limitation, the Atlas Discovery Terms of Use. The terms of this MSA
(including the Order Summary), the Subscriber Agreement, CPS and TPS (if applicable) prevail over any terms or conditions
contained in any other documentation and expressly exclude any of Company’s general terms and conditions contained in


Page 9:
any purchase order or other document issued by Company. In the event of any conflict between the terms of the Order
Summary, this MSA, the Subscriber Agreement, CPS, TPS, and the terms of any purchase order or any other document
issued by Company, the order of precedence shall be: the Order Summary, this MSA, the Subscriber Agreement, CPS and
TPS.

18. Amendment. GlobalSign may amend: the CPS, TPS or the Subscriber Agreement; and will give notice of any material
changes by posting a new version on the Portal, the GlobalSign website or by a means set forth in Section 16.2 (Notices). If
such an amendment materially and adversely affects Company’s rights herein, Company will have the right, as its sole and
exclusive remedy in connection with such amendment, to terminate this MSA during the 30-day period after GlobalSign’s
notice of such amendment, by providing written notice of termination to GlobalSign. Company’s continued use of the
Service after 30 days of GlobalSign’s notice of the amendment constitutes Company’s acceptance of the amendment.

19. Language. This MSA is drafted in the English language. Any notice given under or in connection with this MSA shall be
in English. All other documents provided under or in connection with this MSA shall be in English or accompanied by a
certified English translation. The English language version of this MSA and any notice or other document relating to this
MSA shall prevail if there is a conflict.

20. Third Party Beneficiaries. This MSA benefits solely the parties to this MSA and their respective permitted successors

and assigns and nothing in this MSA, express or implied, confers on any other person any legal or equitable right, benefit or
remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this MSA.

[MSA v 1.11 November 6, 2023]


Page 10:
Service Schedule for Digital Signing Service (DSS), Qualified Trust Seals from DSS and Timestamps

This Service Schedule applies only if Company is purchasing DSS, Qualified Trust Seals from DSS, timestamps or Digital
Signature Transactions using GMO Sign (as shown on the Order Summary).

1. Definitions

AATL Technical Requirements: The version of the Adobe
Approved Trust List Technical Requirements available at
https://helpx.adobe.com/content/dam/help/en/acrobat/
kb/approved-trust-list2/_jcr_content/main-
pars/download-section/download-

1/aatl_technical requirements v2.0.pdf as may be
updated from time to time.

AATL Timestamp: An RFC3161 compliant timestamp from
GlobalSign issued by the AATL CA.

Adobe Approved Trust List (AATL): A document signing
certificate authority trust store created by the Adobe
Root CA policy authority implemented from Adobe PDF
Reader version 9.0 and later.

Advanced Electronic Seal: An electronic seal which meets
the requirements set out in Article 36 of the elDAS
Regulation.

Digital Signature: Data in electronic form, which is
attached to or logically associated with other data in
electronic form to ensure the latter’s origin and integrity
and is applied by Individuals. A Digital Signature is a type
of Electronic Signature that uses a Certificate to sign the
document. DSS supports two types: Individual External
Identities (via offline process) and Individual Internal
Identities.

ID Source: Any of (i) an Identity Document; (ii) copy of an
attestation from an appropriate notary or Trusted Third
Party that s/he has verified the Individual identity based
on an Identity Document, or (iii) copy of a video
recording of the verification of Individual identity using
secure video communication.

Identity Verification Process: The method used by
Company to verify the identity of an Individual, including
the setup, ID Sources, security procedures, and other
implementation details. The Identity Verification Process
must comply with the AATL Technical Requirements.

Individual Internal Identities: The identity of an Individual
who is an employee or contractor affiliated with
Company’s Organization Validated (OV) Certificate
Identity.

Qualified Certificate for Electronic Seal: A Certificate for

an electronic seal that meets the requirements laid down
in Annex III of the elDAS Regulation.

Qualified Trust Seal (QTSeals): An Advanced Electronic
Seal based on a Qualified Certificate for Electronic Seal.

SEIKO Timestamp: An RFC3161 compliant timestamp
accredited by the Government of Japan and provided by
SEIKO.

Trusted Third Party: A third party approved by GlobalSign
that maintains a secure process used by Company for its
Identity Verification Process as may be permitted by the
AATL Technical Requirements.

2. Products

2.1 Digital Signing Service. In order to use DSS, You must
(i) submit Company’s organization identity information
for verification by GlobalSign to create the OV Certificate
Identity, (ii) purchase a Product Pack, and (iii) enroll for a
mTLS Certificate if Company is integrating its application
directly to the DSS API. There are three Signature
configuration options available for the Service: (a)
Signatures for Individual Internal Identities; (b)
Signatures for Individual External Identities (via offline
process); and (c) Electronic Seals.

Use of Certificates for digital signing must comply with
Industry Standards and the AATL Technical Requirements.
GlobalSign reserves the right to require changes to, or
revoke its approval of, Company’s Identity Verification
Process in order to comply with the AATL Technical
Requirements. Company must promptly implement any
requested changes or immediately cease use of DSS if
requested by GlobalSign.

2.2 Qualified Trust Seals from DSS. In order to use
QTSeals from DSS, You must (i) submit Company’s
organization identity information for verification by
GlobalSign to create the OV Certificate Identity, (ii)
purchase a QTSeals Product Pack, and (iii) enroll for a
mTLS Certificate if Company is integrating its application
directly to the DSS API.

2.3 Timestamps. GlobalSign offers three types of
timestamps: AATL, SEIKO, and Qualified. A DSS or
QTSeals Product Pack includes timestamps equal in
number to two times the Quantity of Signatures or
QTSeals (as applicable) purchased in the Product Pack.


Page 11:
Additional timestamps may be purchased with a DSS
Product Pack, a QTSeals Product Pack or as a standalone
Product Pack.

2.4 Qualified Timestamps. If a Product Pack includes
Qualified Timestamps, GlobalSign will operate in
accordance with the TPS, the CP/CPS, and any other
relevant operational policies and procedures including
the relevant stipulations of the elDAS Regulation.

3. Limitations on Use. Unless Company has purchased a
higher rate limit, Company shall not request (i) more
than five (5) Signatures per second, or (ii) the creation of
more than five (5) Individual Identities or Electronic Seals
every five (5) seconds unless Company has purchased a
higher rate limit, or (iii) the creation of more than one
QTSeal every five (5) seconds. If Company exceeds the
rate limit, GlobalSign may limit access to the defined rate
and in the case of excessive usage or abuse, terminate
this Service Schedule for breach.

Company may not request more than the number of
timestamps purchased in a Product Pack. Company shall
not request more than five (5) AATL or Qualified
timestamps per second or one (1) SEIKO timestamp per
second. Company shall be responsible for applying any
timestamps into the documents or code using the URL
provided by GlobalSign. Company shall maintain the
confidentiality of the URL and not share it with any third
parties.

4. DSS and QTSeals from DSS Obligations

4.1 If a Company is using a Certificate hierarchy chained
to a GlobalSign Public Root, the Certificates and Service
shall be provided in accordance with the CPS.

4.2 The following obligations apply to DSS and QTSeals
from DSS except for 4.2 (d) and (e) which do not apply to
QTSeals from DSS.

Company shall: (a) ensure all key activations and key
pairs are controlled by the Signer and access to private
keys are based on a two-factor authentication (2FA)
process; (b) ensure that information provided on the
enrollment requests is complete and accurate; (c) be
solely responsible for developing or integrating the
digitally signed hash and timestamp into Company’s
document management system by either using the DSS

API or software developer kit (SDK) or configuring DSS for
Company’s own document workflow integration; (d)
provide written evidence of compliance with the AATL
Technical Requirements as may be requested by
GlobalSign from time to time; (e) confirm with the
Subscriber that the information is correct before
approving a Certificate request; and (f) request
revocation of a Certificate when any information related
to the Certificate request has changed.

4.3 The following obligations apply to DSS only:

If a Company is requesting Signatures with Individual
Internal Identities, Company must (a) verify the
Individual’s identity via face to face verification and
submit accurate identity information with each Signature
request for Subscribers; (b) ensure that the Individual’s
identity information submitted by Company to request
Certificates and Signatures is for a current employee or
contractor of Company who has consented to the
request; and (c) create and keep records of the Identity
Verification Process.

For each Certificate for an Individual, Company shall
ensure that the Individual accepts and complies with the
terms of the Subscriber Agreement applicable to
“Subject”.

4.4 lf a Company is applying Electronic Seals to
documents, Company must (a) only submits requests in
the name of an actual department at Company; (b) not
submit requests in the name of an Individual; and (c) not
submit requests that are inaccurate or misleading.

Company agrees to the terms of the Subscriber
Agreement applicable to “Subject”.

5. Termination. In addition to the termination rights in
Section 7.1 of the MSA, this Service Schedule may be
terminated by GlobalSign (i) for DSS, if Adobe
discontinues or GlobalSign is no longer a member of the
AATL program, or (ii) for QTSeals from DSS, if the elDAS
Regulation is discontinued or GlobalSign is no longer a
member of the elDAS trusted list. Company’s failure to
comply with the AATL Technical Requirements or breach
of Section 4 of this Service Schedule (DSS and QTSeals
from DSS Obligations, as applicable) shall be considered a
material breach of the MSA.


Page 12:
Service Schedule for Certificates

This Service Schedule applies only if Company is purchasing Certificates (as shown on the Order Summary).

1. Definitions

ACME Account: An account created when Company
registers its public key with the ACME CA server that
provides the ACME Service.

ACME Service: A service that supports automated
certificate issuance and revocation using the ACME
protocol.

Active Certificate: A Certificate that is not expired or
revoked.

Certificate API: The Service API described in the “Atlas
Certificate Management API Specification” available at
https://support.globalsign.com/atlas/atlas-apis-non-
portal/atlas-certificate-management-api, as may be
updated by GlobalSign from time to time.

Enterprise Registration Authority (ERA): An organization
that verifies Certificate requests for Subjects within the
organization.

SAN License Limit: The maximum number of unique SANs
across all Active Certificates that Company may issue as
shown on the Order Summary.

SAN License Period: The period in months starting on the
Product Term Start Date as shown on the Order
Summary.

Wildcard SAN Multiplier: The number of SANs that will be
deducted from Company’s SAN License Limit when
Company uses a Wildcard SAN as shown on the Order
Summary. Each Wildcard SAN counts as multiple SANs
within the SAN License.

2. The Service. GlobalSign will provide Company with
access to the Service on GlobalSign’s Atlas platform for
enterprise use only to issue Certificates for the purposes
set forth in the CPS. The Service can be enabled to issue
and manage Publicly Trusted and/or Privately Trusted
Certificates, depending upon the Products purchased.
Company may request and manage Certificates using the
Certificate API or ACME Service. The specific certificate
life cycle management features available will depend on
the method selected by Company.

Use of the Certificate API or ACME Service allows
Company to (a) validate domains using any of the options
supported by those methods, (b) request, receive and
revoke Certificates; and (c) perform other queries and
actions as supported by those methods.

3. The Products. Unless otherwise instructed by
Company, GlobalSign will publish Publicly Trusted
SSL/TLS Certificates to Certificate Transparency (CT) logs
and as required for trust by the Google Chromium
Certificate Transparency Policy.

3.1 Domain Validation. For Publicly Trusted TLS
Certificates Company must confirm domain control of
domain names in accordance with the Certificate API or
the ACME Service (as applicable) and the CPS.

3.2 Organization Validation. For Publicly Trusted
Certificates that include an Organization Validated (OV)
Certificate Identity, GlobalSign will verify the organization
details provided by Company in the Portal to create an
Organization Validated (OV) Certificate Identity for
Company in accordance with the applicable organization
validation rules for the selected Product.

3.3 IntranetSSL Certificates. IntranetSSL Certificates are
Privately Trusted Certificates issued for Company’s
internal use only to secure one or more FQDNs.

3.4 SAN Licensing. During the SAN License Period,
Company may issue Certificates that contain SANs and
Wildcard SANs up to the SAN License Limit (including any
Wildcard SAN Multiplier) shown in the Order Summary.
Company may increase the SAN License Limit by
purchasing additional SAN Licenses on a pro-rated basis.
lf Company does not renew the SAN License, GlobalSign
may revoke any Active Certificates three (3) months after
the end of the SAN License Period.

3.5 S/MIME Certificates. Company must confirm
authorization or control of the requested email
domain(s) or confirm that the mailbox holder has control
of the requested Mailbox Address(es) in accordance with
the Certificate API or the ACME Service (as applicable)
and the CPS.

Depending on the product ordered, Company can
request the following S/MIME Certificate types: (a)


Page 13:
Mailbox validated: Certificate that only includes an Email
Address; (b) Organization validated: Certificate for a
Legal Entity; or (c) Sponsor validated: Certificate for an
Individual affiliated with a Legal Entity.

4. Company Obligations

4.1 Admin role. Company must appoint an Admin to
authorize and verify Certificate requests on behalf of
Company. The authority and assignment of this role are
perpetual until revoked by Company or GlobalSign.

4.2 S/MIME Certificates. For Certificate requests for
Sponsor validated Certificates, Company: (a) acts as an
Enterprise RA and must comply with the Enterprise RA
requirements outlined in Appendix A of the CPS; (b) must
collect and verify Individual information (meaning a
personal name or pseudonym); and (c) may only request
Certificates for Individuals within the organization.
Company’s failure to comply with this Section shall be
considered a material breach of the MSA.

5. Audit Rights. GlobalSign has the right to audit

Company’s compliance with its obligations under Section
4.2 (S/MIME Certificates) above, upon reasonable notice,
during the Product Term and for a period of ten (10)
years following any termination or expiration of the
Product Term. Company will provide GlobalSign and its
auditors, other advisors and regulators (“Auditors”) with
all reasonable cooperation, access and assistance in
relation to each audit. Within five (5) days of GlobalSign’s
request, Company will make available the requested
information. Company may provide redacted or
excerpted records as necessary to comply with any
applicable data privacy laws. If any audit reveals a failure
of Company to comply with Section 4.2 above, GlobalSign
shall have the right to suspend Company’s use of the
Service until such time as Company has remediated the
non-compliance to GlobalSign’s reasonable satisfaction,
and GlobalSign has confirmed that Company can resume
use of the Service.


Page 14:
Service Schedule for GMO Sign

This Service Schedule applies only if Company is purchasing GMO Sign (as shown on the Order Summary). If
Company is purchasing Digital Signature Transactions, the terms of the ‘DSS and Timestamps Service Schedule’ also

apply.
1. Definitions

Digital Signature (D-Sign) Transaction: Each document
sent by a user requesting Digital Signature, when a user
is the sender of a request for Digital Signature, regardless
of the number of Signatures requested or applied to the
document by other internal users; and/or each Digital
Signature applied to a document by a user when a user is
the recipient of a request for Digital Signature from an
external user.

Electronic Signature (E-Sign) Transaction: Each document
sent by a Company internal user requesting Electronic
Signature, regardless of the number of Signatures
requested or applied to the document.

2. Service. GMO Sign is a cloud-based signing service that
helps customers sign and manage electronic documents
using Electronic Signatures or Digital Signatures (using
DSS).

The GMO Sign Help Center offers articles to help you
understand various features of GMO Sign and how those
features work. Company is expected to check these
articles at https://gmo-agree.zendesk.com/hc/en-us for
any functional support. Company may also raise a
request for help with any technical issue at support-
gmosign@globalsign.com.

GlobalSign may, without notice to Company, at the
discretion of GlobalSign, temporarily suspend or
interrupt GMO Sign in order to conduct maintenance and
other administrative work.

GlobalSign is not responsible for performing any backups
of any data or documents for Company. Company is
solely responsible for taking appropriate measures to
back up its data and documents.

3. Company Obligations. Company must provide
accurate identity information for each user at the time of
user registration. If there is any change in the
information Company provided to GlobalSign when
applying for GMO Sign, you must immediately notify
GlobalSign of such change by contacting your GlobalSign

account manager. No change is considered effective
until GlobalSign confirms receipt of the notification.

4. Limitations on Use. Company may not use GMO Sign
in China or Russia unless authorized by GlobalSign in the
form of an amendment to the MSA.

5. Compliance with Laws. Company is responsible for
determining how long to retain any contracts,
documents, and other records under any applicable laws
or regulations, or its own business policies. Further,
Company is solely responsible for determining the
suitability of GMO Sign for Company’s business and
complying with any applicable data privacy and
protection regulations, laws or conventions applicable to
Company data and Company’s use of GMO Sign.

GlobalSign has no responsibility with regard to the
contents of any electronic contract concluded using GMO
Sign and does not make any warranty that a person with
legitimate authority signed an electronic contract using
the Service.

Electronic signing of certain types of agreements and
documents may not be permitted under local electronic
signature laws or may be subject to specific regulations
regarding their use and the keeping of electronic
records. Company is responsible for determining
whether any particular document is (i) subject to an
exception to applicable electronic signature laws;

(ii) subject to any particular agency rules; or (iii) can be
legally formed using Electronic or Digital Signatures.

Consumer protection or similar laws or regulations may
impose specific requirements with respect to electronic
transactions involving one or more “consumers,” such as
requirements that the consumer consent to the method
of contracting and/or that the consumer be provided
with a copy, or access to a copy, of a paper or other non-
electronic, written record of the transaction. Company is
responsible for (i) determining whether any particular
transaction involves a “consumer”; (ii) obtaining any
required consents or determining if any such consents
have been withdrawn; (iii) providing any information or
disclosures in connection with any attempt to obtain any


Page 15:
such consents; and (iv) complying with any other special
requirements.

6. Fees; Renewal. If Company purchases a Product Pack
for only D-Sign or E-Sign Transactions, Company may
purchase transactions of the other transaction type at
the Overage rate shown in the Order Summary.

7. Document Storage and Retention. Company may
retrieve electronic copies of its stored documents at any
time while this Service Schedule is in effect. If Company

fails to retrieve its documents prior to the termination of
this Service Schedule, Company may request, no later
than thirty (30) days after such expiration or termination,
that GlobalSign assist Company in retrieving any stored
documents still remaining in the Service, for an additional
charge. After the thirty (30) day period, GlobalSign shall
have no obligation to maintain or provide any documents
and shall have the right to delete all documents and
Company’s account.


Page 16:
Service Schedule for Qualified Signing Service (QSS)

This Service Schedule applies only if Company is purchasing QSS (as shown on the Order Summary).

1. Definitions

Identity: A full name (including surname and given names
consistent with the national identification practices) and
date and place of birth, reference to a nationally
recognized Identity Document, or other attributes which
can be used to, as far as possible, distinguish the person
from others with the same name.

Identity Validation: Verifying the Identity of the
Subscriber and/or Subject.

Qualified Certificate: A Certificate that meets the
requirements of a “Qualified Certificate for Electronic
Signature” or “Qualified Certificate for Electronic Seal”.

Qualified Certificate for Electronic Signature: A Certificate
for electronic signatures that meets the requirements
laid down in Annex | of the elDAS Regulation.

Qualified Certificate for Electronic Seal: A Certificate for
an electronic seal, that meets the requirements laid
down in Annex III of the elDAS Regulation.

Subject: The natural or legal person identified in a
Certificate as the subject.

2. The Service. In order to use QSS, You must purchase a
Product Pack, and enroll for a mTLS Certificate for
connecting to the Service API.

If Certificates must include your Company information,
You must submit Company’s organization identity
information for verification by GlobalSign to create the
Organization Validated (OV) Certificate Identity.

There are two configuration options available for the
Service: (a) Signatures for Individuals (Electronic
Signatures); and (b) Signatures for the Company
(Electronic Seals).

A QSS Product Pack includes Qualified Timestamps equal
in number to two times the quantity of Signatures
purchased in the Product Pack. Additional Qualified
Timestamps may be purchased with a QSS Product Pack
or as a standalone Product Pack.

3. Limitations on Use

Company shall not request more than five (5) Signatures
per second or more than one (1) Certificate per second.

Company may not request more than the number of
timestamps purchased in a Subscription. Company shall
not request more than five (5) Qualified Timestamps per
second. Company shall be responsible for applying any
timestamps into the documents. Company shall maintain
the confidentiality of the URL and not share it with third
parties.

The pairing of the Signer’s account and his/her mobile
device will require confirmation of two PINs, one sent to
the Signer’s phone number and one sent to the Signer’s
email address provided by Company using an Application
made available to the Signer in certain third party App
stores (the “QSS App”). Use of the QSS App is governed
by separate terms and conditions agreed by the Signer at
the time the QSS App is downloaded. Company and
Signer should ensure that the PINs are requested
judiciously and with appropriate gaps to account for
communication delays and avoid abuse of the feature

4. Company Obligations

4.1 Company shall: (a) ensure all key activations and key
pairs are controlled by the Subject and the Subject must
be authenticated for accessing Subject’s account; (b)
ensure that information provided on the enrollment
requests is complete and accurate; (c) be solely
responsible for developing or integrating the digitally
signed hash and timestamp into Company’s document
management system by either using the Service API or
software developer kit (SDK) or configuring the Service
for Company’s own document workflow integration; (d)
confirm with the Subject that the information is correct
before approving a Certificate request; and (e) request
revocation of a Certificate when any information related
to the Certificate request has changed.

Company shall notify GlobalSign in the following case: (i)
the Identity Validation shall not be relied upon; (ii) there
is a material change in the information contained in an
issued Certificate; (iii) the original Certificate request was
not authorized by the Subject or the Subscriber and the
Subject does not retroactively grant authorization; or (iv)
the Certificate is misused.


Page 17:
Company agrees to the terms of the Subscriber
Agreement applicable to “Subscriber”.

4.2 If Company is requesting Signatures for Individuals,
Company must perform Identity Validation of the
Individual, the Subject of the Certificate. If Company will
request Certificates for its employees only, Company will
act as a Local Registration Authority (LRA). The terms
governing Identity Validation for LRAs are detailed in

to this Service Schedule.

For each Certificate for an Individual, Company shall
ensure that the Individual accepts and complies with the
terms of the Subscriber Agreement applicable to
“Subject”.

4.3 If Company is applying Electronic Seals to documents,
Company must (a) ensure that for each Individual
requesting to apply an Electronic Seal, the Individual is
authorized to create the seal on behalf of Company; (b)
only submit requests in the name of an actual
department at Company; (c) not submit requests in the
name of an Individual; and (d) not submit requests that
are inaccurate or misleading.

Company agrees to the terms of the Subscriber
Agreement applicable to “Subject”.

5. Service Suspension. Company must notify GlobalSign,
in writing, within seven (7) days of becoming aware of
any suspected failure of Company to comply with
obligations in the MSA or this Service Schedule. For
Company’s failure to comply with obligations of Section 4
of this Service Schedule, Company must notify GlobalSign
within twenty-four (24) hours.

In such case, Company will immediately cease the use of
the Service, and GlobalSign has the right to suspend
Company's use of the Service. Company will promptly
remediate the non-compliance and provide evidence of
the remediation for review by GlobalSign. Company will
not resume the use of the Service until GlobalSign has
reviewed the remediation and has confirmed to
Company that the use of the Service may be resumed.

6. Audit Rights. GlobalSign has the right to audit
Company's compliance with its obligations, upon
reasonable notice, during the QSS Product Term and for a
period of 10 years following any termination or
expiration of the QSS Product Term.

Company will provide GlobalSign and its auditors, other
advisors and regulators with all reasonable cooperation,
access and assistance in relation to each audit. Within
five (5) days of GlobalSign’s request, Company will make
available the requested information. Company may
provide redacted or excerpted records as necessary to
comply with any applicable data privacy laws.

7. Termination. In addition to the termination rights in
Section 7.1 of the MSA, this Service Schedule may be
terminated by GlobalSign if the elDAS Regulation is
discontinued or GlobalSign is no longer a member of the
elDAS trusted list.


Page 18:
Appendix A to QSS Service Schedule

Additional Terms for Local Registration Authority for
Qualified Certificates

GlobalSign delegates to Company (“Company” or “RA”)
the Identity Validation of natural persons affiliated with
Company (employees). These terms govern the
obligations, requirements, and responsibilities of
Company for the Local Registration Activities
(“Activities”) performed by Company.

1. Obligations. RA must comply with the following
obligations:

GlobalSign reserves the right to require changes to RA’s
Activities based on changes to the regulatory or
compliance requirements, upon request of the
GlobalSign’s auditors or supervising authorities or for
other reasons as may be reasonably required by
GlobalSign to ensure the proper functioning and
reliability of the Service.

GlobalSign will inform RA of requested changes with
reasonable notice. RA shall promptly implement any
requested changes or immediately cease its Activities if
requested by GlobalSign.

RA obligations may not be delegated to other third
parties without GlobalSign’s prior written consent.

2. Security. RA shall apply information security best
practices, including:

Human resources: Ensure that employees support the
trustworthiness of the operations.

Operational security: Use trustworthy systems and
products that are protected against modification and
ensure the technical security and reliability of the
processes supported by them.

Network security: Protect the network and systems from
attack.

Privacy of personal information: Take appropriate
technical and organizational measures against
unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data
and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage
to, personal data.

3. Identity Validation. To validate the identity of an
Individual, RA must: (a) verify the Individual’s identity
directly by physical presence of the Individual; (b) obtain
evidence of the full name (including surname and given

names consistent with the national identification
practices) and date and place of birth, reference toa
nationally recognized Identity Document, or other
attributes which can be used, as far as possible, to
distinguish the person from others with the same name;
(c) ensure that the Individual’s identity information
submitted by RA to request Certificate and Signatures is
for a current employee who has consented to the
request; and (d) create and retain records of the
evidence obtained (full name, date and place of birth,
copy of a nationally recognized Identity Document) for
seven (7) years after any certificate based on these
records ceases to be valid, with measures that ensure
confidentiality and integrity. If RA, during the retention
period, is unable or expects to be unable to retain the
evidence obtained, RA shall make arrangements with
GlobalSign for the retention of evidence.

Identity Validation must be performed using an Identity
Document that: (i) contains a photo of the Individual to
be identified; (ii) is resistant to manipulation and
sufficiently forgery proof (e.g. using security features);
and (iii) is valid at the time of certificate request.

In providing the identity information of an Individual, RA
may rely on information within an enterprise directory if
(y) identity validation of the Individual has been
performed in accordance with the obligations of this
Section, and (z) identity information is accurate at the
time of the request and refers to a valid Identity
Document.

4. Other Obligations. RA shall apply the following
practices: (a) submit accurate identity information with
each Signature request that matches the Identity
Document; (b) remove access of the user upon
termination of Individual’s employment with the RA; (c)
ensure that any Subject requesting a Certificate complies
with the Subscriber Agreement for the terms applicable
to “Subject” for each Qualified Certificate; (d) provide a
process to Subject to request revocation of Subject’s
certificate and/or destruction of Subject’s private key;
and (e) notify GlobalSign in writing of any failure of RA to
comply with obligations in this Section.

5. Questionnaire. Prior to Company being accepted as an
RA, Company must complete a questionnaire about its
security practices in a form prescribed by GlobalSign.
Company may not perform any Activities until such time
as GlobalSign, in its sole discretion, provides written
approval of Company as RA.


